br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Primary = 0x7f1101fd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/SwitchMaterial = 0x7f120085
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/wide = 0x7f0801e7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.ImageButton = 0x7f1102e4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/dividerVertical = 0x7f030126
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet = 0x7f11028b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_cascading_menus_min_smallest_width = 0x7f060016
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_fab_stroke_top_outer_color = 0x7f050060
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/TextAppearance = 0x7f12008a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/LinearLayoutCompat_Layout = 0x7f120047
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/StateListDrawable = 0x7f120081
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha = 0x7f06015c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/disablePostScroll = 0x7f08009f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f11013d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f1100a5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/MaterialAlertDialogTheme = 0x7f12004d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/secondaryTextColor = 0x7f0500d7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/RecyclerView = 0x7f120074
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/abc_action_mode_bar = 0x7f0b0004
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/fill_horizontal = 0x7f0800c4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/PreferenceFragmentCompat = 0x7f12006c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/TextInputLayout = 0x7f12008c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult = 0x7f110025
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/google_storage_bucket = 0x7f100043
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f1102e9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Preference.SeekBarPreference = 0x7f11010e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:xml/standalone_badge_gravity_bottom_end = 0x7f130001
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/MenuGroup = 0x7f12005b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/status_bar_notification_info_overflow = 0x7f100088
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/Snackbar = 0x7f12007d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.Compat.NotificationActionText = 0x7f11026d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.Design.Tab = 0x7f11018d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/MultiSelectListPreference = 0x7f120064
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/KeyTimeCycle = 0x7f120043
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/MaterialCheckBox = 0x7f120054
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/MaterialCardView = 0x7f120053
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/preference_list_divider_material = 0x7f0700af
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Panel.CenterStacked = 0x7f1100ed
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_padding = 0x7f060171
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/MaterialCalendarItem = 0x7f120052
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextView = 0x7f1102de
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f11020b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/KeyTrigger = 0x7f120044
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/my_goals_logo = 0x7f0700a1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/KeyAttribute = 0x7f12003d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/v7_preference_on = 0x7f10008b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.ImageButton.ShapeAppearance = 0x7f1102e5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/KeyPosition = 0x7f120042
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/itemStrokeColor = 0x7f0301d3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/META = 0x7f080005
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/Fragment = 0x7f120037
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/contentPanel = 0x7f080083
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:bool/abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps = 0x7f040001
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CardView = 0x7f110299
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/spread = 0x7f080191
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/FlowLayout = 0x7f120033
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/ListPopupWindow = 0x7f120049
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f11027b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/dividerPadding = 0x7f030125
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/background_floating_material_light = 0x7f05001e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/text_input_error_icon = 0x7f0801c0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/text_input_end_icon = 0x7f0801bf
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accessibility_custom_action_3 = 0x7f080027
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display = 0x7f1102e2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:integer/mtrl_tab_indicator_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f090013
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/CustomAttribute = 0x7f12002b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/multiChoiceItemLayout = 0x7f030275
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/abc_screen_toolbar = 0x7f0b0017
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupWindow = 0x7f11025a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/ClockFaceView = 0x7f12001f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_list_divider_material = 0x7f07002b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/userPositionValue = 0x7f0801de
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display3 = 0x7f110155
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/fabAnimationMode = 0x7f030161
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f1100a8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline6 = 0x7f110199
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/buttonStyle = 0x7f030079
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_shadow_height = 0x7f06006c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f1102ae
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_text_size_display_2_material = 0x7f060044
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/BottomSheetBehavior_Layout = 0x7f120017
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/Layout = 0x7f120045
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/SeekBarPreference = 0x7f120078
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tabMaxWidth = 0x7f03032e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/material_clock_period_toggle_land = 0x7f0b003b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/Spinner = 0x7f12007f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/SnackbarLayout = 0x7f12007e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.Design.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1101fa
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/AppCompatTheme = 0x7f120011
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/ALT = 0x7f080000
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/AppBarLayoutStates = 0x7f12000b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/NavigationView = 0x7f120065
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/OnSwipe = 0x7f120067
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Text = 0x7f110124
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f11026a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/StateSet = 0x7f120083
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/mtrl_ic_error = 0x7f07009d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Tooltip = 0x7f1102ea
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f1101e5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f1101a8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_slider_halo_radius = 0x7f060152
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar = 0x7f11025d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog = 0x7f110292
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox = 0x7f1102d6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1102d7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Small = 0x7f1100aa
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/RecycleListView = 0x7f120073
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1102d1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Choice = 0x7f11029c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/abc_dialog_title_material = 0x7f0b000c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/onShow = 0x7f030284
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/minTouchTargetSize = 0x7f030264
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f110020
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_bottom_padding = 0x7f06011c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Small = 0x7f11025f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/closeItemLayout = 0x7f0300b8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material = 0x7f06002c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/not_set = 0x7f10007b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ProgressIndicator = 0x7f1102c9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_slider_thumb_radius = 0x7f060157
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/ActionBarLayout = 0x7f120001
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/PreferenceFragment = 0x7f12006b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/MotionScene = 0x7f120062
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/Variant = 0x7f120092
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_textinput_disabled_color = 0x7f0500be
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f11005f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Selected = 0x7f1102b1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator.Medium = 0x7f1102a2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V28.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f110091
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/constraintLayout3 = 0x7f08007e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/onHide = 0x7f030281
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.UnelevatedButton.Icon = 0x7f110298
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f1102aa
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f110282
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f1102a6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.ExpandedMenu.Item = 0x7f11019f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Today = 0x7f1102b2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/constraints = 0x7f0300dc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large.Inverse = 0x7f11001f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/AppCompatTextView = 0x7f120010
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon = 0x7f1102a9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Entry = 0x7f11029d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/notification_subtext_size = 0x7f06017f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Action = 0x7f11029b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/abc_action_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0b0002
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionModeBackground = 0x7f030010
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/mtrl_calendar_days_of_week = 0x7f0b004d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/ScrollingViewBehavior_Layout = 0x7f120076
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f11020e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderToggleButton = 0x7f1102bc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/textEndPadding = 0x7f030359
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_seekbar_track_material = 0x7f070043
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/message = 0x7f080118
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/notification_icon_background = 0x7f0700aa
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/AlertDialog = 0x7f120006
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f11024e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView.Colored = 0x7f110289
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/abc_search_url_text_normal = 0x7f05000e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_previous_black_24dp = 0x7f070094
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/SwitchCompat = 0x7f120084
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_btn_corner_radius = 0x7f0600cf
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_only_start_selected = 0x7f10006b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Colored = 0x7f110286
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ChipGroup = 0x7f11029f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f110283
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f11024d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_badge_with_text_radius = 0x7f0600c8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AppBarLayout.Surface = 0x7f11027f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderConfirmButton = 0x7f1102b6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.PrimarySurface = 0x7f11027a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/CheckBoxPreference = 0x7f12001a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f1100b3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/ShapeableImageView = 0x7f12007a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_text_size_display_1_material = 0x7f060043
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.Design.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f11026f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/mtrl_picker_actions = 0x7f0b0057
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/state_collapsed = 0x7f030302
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_text_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f0500bc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/ListPreference = 0x7f12004a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.Design.AppBarLayout = 0x7f11026e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton = 0x7f110291
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_velocity = 0x7f06009e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f11026b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f110269
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_disabled = 0x7f050039
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/action_mode_bar = 0x7f08003e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/TextInputEditText = 0x7f12008b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_goneMarginTop = 0x7f03021c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/listPreferredItemHeight = 0x7f030230
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/common_google_play_services_unsupported_text = 0x7f10002d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/listPopupWindowStyle = 0x7f03022f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu = 0x7f110258
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f110202
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_ic_voice_search_api_material = 0x7f070028
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/iconGravity = 0x7f0301a9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.Spinner.DropDown.ActionBar = 0x7f110252
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:animator/mtrl_fab_transformation_sheet_expand_spec = 0x7f020019
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_start_padding_icon = 0x7f060128
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/PreferenceThemeOverlay.v14 = 0x7f11011b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f110254
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/fastScrollEnabled = 0x7f030167
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.DialogTitle.Icon = 0x7f11011f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/adjust_height = 0x7f080047
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_dark_default_color_on_surface = 0x7f050045
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/MaterialTimePicker = 0x7f120059
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/abc_tooltip = 0x7f0b001b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/center_vertical = 0x7f08006a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/AppCompatImageView = 0x7f12000d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.SearchView = 0x7f110251
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/ratingBarStyleSmall = 0x7f0302c1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Surface = 0x7f110205
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1101dd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1102d3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/compat_control_corner_material = 0x7f06005d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f110244
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f11023e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat = 0x7f120007
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f110237
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/image = 0x7f0800e3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/entryValues = 0x7f03014c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless = 0x7f11022f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.Design.TextInputEditText = 0x7f110277
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/lineSpacing = 0x7f030226
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f11000a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlayColorAccentRed = 0x7f110222
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/region_heightLessThan = 0x7f0302c3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/mtrl_calendar_day_of_week = 0x7f0b004c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/largeLabel = 0x7f0800ef
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_end_padding = 0x7f060121
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_margin = 0x7f0600cb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/search_button = 0x7f080172
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/notification_small_icon_background_padding = 0x7f06017d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f110221
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/activity_main = 0x7f0b001d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f110200
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1101ff
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Surface = 0x7f1101fe
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar = 0x7f1101fc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/material_clock_face = 0x7f080106
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline4 = 0x7f110197
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Subtitle = 0x7f110045
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/spinnerStyle = 0x7f0302f7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/touch_outside = 0x7f0801cf
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/Motion = 0x7f12005f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_filled_icon_tint = 0x7f0500ab
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f110041
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MyGoalsKotlinNoActionBar = 0x7f1101f0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/LinearLayoutCompat = 0x7f120046
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/SwitchPreference = 0x7f120086
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_bias = 0x7f0301fe
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/waveVariesBy = 0x7f0303a7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f1101ec
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.LargeTouch = 0x7f1101ea
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f1102a5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.ImageButton = 0x7f11023c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.ExpandedMenu.Item = 0x7f110044
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/labelVisibilityMode = 0x7f0301df
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/browser_actions_divider_color = 0x7f050028
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline3 = 0x7f110196
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark = 0x7f050000
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f11004a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TitleItem = 0x7f11011e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1100bc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/select_dialog_listview = 0x7f08017c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/center_horizontal = 0x7f080069
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth.Bridge = 0x7f1101e8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/textAppearanceHeadline6 = 0x7f03034a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f1101e4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f110230
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/$avd_show_password__1 = 0x7f070004
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize.Bridge = 0x7f1101d7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/MaterialTextView = 0x7f120058
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1102dd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert.Bridge = 0x7f1101e3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f11021c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title.Inverse = 0x7f11002d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Calendar = 0x7f110213
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout.Colored = 0x7f1102d0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout = 0x7f1102cf
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f11017d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/KeyFrame = 0x7f12003f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:mipmap/ic_launcher_round = 0x7f0d0001
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f1101c6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/homeAsUp = 0x7f0800da
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/MotionHelper = 0x7f120060
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Inverse = 0x7f110177
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/ShapeAppearance = 0x7f120079
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Platform.V25.AppCompat = 0x7f1100fb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/RtlUnderlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f11012d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.Design.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f1101bc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/notification_small_icon_size_as_large = 0x7f06017e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/backgroundStacked = 0x7f030048
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f1101ab
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:integer/cancel_button_image_alpha = 0x7f090004
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/errorContentDescription = 0x7f03014d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.Design.Light = 0x7f1101ba
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/preference_seekbar_padding_horizontal = 0x7f060184
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.NoActionBar = 0x7f1101ed
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f1101be
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/packed = 0x7f080148
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constrainedHeight = 0x7f0301ea
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/editProfileImageButton = 0x7f0800af
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f1102c7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/design_menu_item_text = 0x7f080099
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1101b3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.DarkActionBar = 0x7f1101a5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/material_timepicker_dialog = 0x7f0b0043
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/delete_account_dialog = 0x7f0b0025
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_title = 0x7f10006d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_scrim_color = 0x7f0500b6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_text_size_body_1_material = 0x7f06003f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_default_color_on_background = 0x7f05004e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f110077
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body1 = 0x7f11014f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/common_google_play_services_enable_title = 0x7f100026
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_control_padding_material = 0x7f06001a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f110281
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1101f9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/material_textinput_timepicker = 0x7f080110
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Animation.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f110003
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline1 = 0x7f110194
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Switch = 0x7f11017c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/beginOnFirstDraw = 0x7f080057
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/autoCompleteToEnd = 0x7f080053
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Icon2 = 0x7f110128
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/itemSpacing = 0x7f0301d2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f110209
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/abc_alert_dialog_material = 0x7f0b0009
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.Design.HelperText = 0x7f110187
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/character_counter_content_description = 0x7f10001f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/activity_splash = 0x7f0b0021
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.Design.Error = 0x7f110186
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/PopupWindow = 0x7f120068
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/LinearProgressIndicator = 0x7f120048
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.Design.Snackbar.Message = 0x7f11018b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Title = 0x7f110182
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.UnelevatedButton = 0x7f110297
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/settings = 0x7f08017f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/thumbElevation = 0x7f030362
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f1101eb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f110080
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f1101cf
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/dragRight = 0x7f0800a5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification = 0x7f11017e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_ring_outer_animation = 0x7f010013
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Surface = 0x7f11027c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/iconifiedByDefault = 0x7f0301b0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f110175
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/KeyFramesVelocity = 0x7f120041
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/lastBaselineToBottomHeight = 0x7f0301e0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title.Inverse = 0x7f110173
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/BottomAppBar = 0x7f120015
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f1101f3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/cos = 0x7f080086
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f11016c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/password = 0x7f10007c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1101e2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/disableHome = 0x7f08009e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/fab_transformation_sheet_behavior = 0x7f10003e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Inverse = 0x7f11001d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.TopLeftCut = 0x7f110141
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f11028c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title = 0x7f110168
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead = 0x7f110166
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f110055
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView = 0x7f110255
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_picker_a11y_next_month = 0x7f10005b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_list_selector_holo_dark = 0x7f070035
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/counterOverflowTextAppearance = 0x7f0300fd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/notification_main_column_padding_top = 0x7f060179
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.TopRightDifferentCornerSize = 0x7f110142
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.Tooltip = 0x7f110133
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/textAppearanceHeadline4 = 0x7f030348
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date = 0x7f110212
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/scale = 0x7f080169
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium = 0x7f11015f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/themeLineHeight = 0x7f03035f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f11015e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f1100a7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_slider_inactive_tick_marks_color = 0x7f050087
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1102ab
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/thumbStrokeColor = 0x7f030364
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/abc_search_url_text = 0x7f05000d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle = 0x7f110170
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f1100ac
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f110171
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Preference.CheckBoxPreference = 0x7f110101
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ShapeableImageView = 0x7f1102ca
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth.Bridge = 0x7f1101ce
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1101b0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1101c3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/CoordinatorLayout_Layout = 0x7f12002a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/progress_horizontal = 0x7f080159
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f110134
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/spinBars = 0x7f0302f5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/DialogPreference = 0x7f12002c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display4 = 0x7f110156
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f06007c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium.Inverse = 0x7f110160
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/constraintLayout2 = 0x7f08007d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:interpolator/fast_out_slow_in = 0x7f0a0006
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/paddingBottomSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f03028b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_label_cutout_padding = 0x7f060165
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.DropDownUp = 0x7f11000b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f1101ad
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/ThemeEnforcement = 0x7f12008d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f110151
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TestThemeWithLineHeight = 0x7f11014c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f11024a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f1101b4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Test.Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f110145
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/primary_text_default_material_dark = 0x7f0500cd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionOverflowButtonStyle = 0x7f03001f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionBarWidgetTheme = 0x7f03000a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Preference.PreferenceScreen.Material = 0x7f11010d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/textStartPadding = 0x7f03035d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/mtrl_alert_dialog_title = 0x7f0b0047
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/expand_activities_button = 0x7f0800c0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year = 0x7f11013f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/easeIn = 0x7f0800a9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/warmth = 0x7f0303a2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/notification_action_color_filter = 0x7f0500c2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Header = 0x7f11003b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Panel = 0x7f110011
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/editTextPreferenceStyle = 0x7f03013b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1101d3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/list_item = 0x7f0800ff
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/ClockHandView = 0x7f120020
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.Design.TabLayout = 0x7f110276
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.AppCompat.CompactMenu = 0x7f1101a3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/aligned = 0x7f08004a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Test.ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f110143
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left = 0x7f06002a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/SwitchPreferenceCompat = 0x7f120087
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title.Inverse = 0x7f110169
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/RtlUnderlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f11012c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Primary = 0x7f1102e7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu = 0x7f1100c2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:raw/keep = 0x7f0f0000
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator.Small = 0x7f1102a3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/custom_dialog = 0x7f0b0024
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/showTitle = 0x7f080183
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/browser_actions_menu_item_text = 0x7f08005e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_radius = 0x7f060145
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/common_google_play_services_update_title = 0x7f100030
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/PreferenceFragment.Material = 0x7f110116
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_label_padding = 0x7f06006a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.SubmenuArrow = 0x7f110123
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/PreferenceCategoryTitleTextStyle = 0x7f110114
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.DarkActionBar = 0x7f1101c5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/snackbarStyle = 0x7f0302f2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CheckedTextView = 0x7f11029a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.CompactMenu = 0x7f110057
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Preference.DialogPreference.Material = 0x7f110106
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/notification_media_narrow_margin = 0x7f06017a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/material_font_2_0_box_collapsed_padding_top = 0x7f0600b4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Body2 = 0x7f110190
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor = 0x7f06001d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/waveOffset = 0x7f0303a4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/updatesContinuously = 0x7f030399
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f110264
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1101c8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.MonthNavigationButton = 0x7f1102be
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1102e3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/google_app_id = 0x7f100041
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_bottom_padding = 0x7f0600e9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Preference.Category = 0x7f1100ff
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_chip_close_icon_content_description = 0x7f100058
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f1100d7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1100f5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f110053
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/cornerSizeTopRight = 0x7f0300fa
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_blue_grey_950 = 0x7f05006f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Preference.SwitchPreference = 0x7f110110
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Header.Text.Day = 0x7f110215
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintRight_toRightOf = 0x7f030206
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/MenuView = 0x7f12005d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.ActionBar = 0x7f110261
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingStart = 0x7f030236
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Text.CenterStacked = 0x7f1100ef
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_pressed = 0x7f05003b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/FloatingActionButton = 0x7f120031
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/ActionMenuView = 0x7f120003
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_ic_clear_material = 0x7f07001e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_icon_null_animation = 0x7f01000e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/search_edit_frame = 0x7f080174
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.LargeComponent = 0x7f11012f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f11003d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/measureWithLargestChild = 0x7f03025e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle = 0x7f030070
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout = 0x7f1100e0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/outward = 0x7f080147
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar = 0x7f1100de
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/asConfigured = 0x7f08004f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/material_ic_menu_arrow_up_black_24dp = 0x7f070097
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1100dc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_on_surface_emphasis_medium = 0x7f050082
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Test.Theme.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f110144
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/editTextConfirmPassword = 0x7f0800b0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_height = 0x7f0600f6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/ConstraintLayout_placeholder = 0x7f120027
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.CheckedTextView = 0x7f1100d6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f11020f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.Design.TabLayout = 0x7f1100d4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_box_inner_merged_animation = 0x7f01000c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_box_inner_merged_animation = 0x7f01000f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Platform.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f1100fd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f1100d1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton = 0x7f110246
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/PreferenceSummaryTextStyle = 0x7f110119
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.TextView = 0x7f1100d0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/avd_hide_password = 0x7f070056
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_text_size_headline_material = 0x7f060047
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/LoadingImageView = 0x7f12004b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar = 0x7f1100cc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_textinput_default_box_stroke_color = 0x7f0500bd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f110056
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Flush = 0x7f110293
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar = 0x7f1100c5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/test_toolbar = 0x7f0b0080
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableItem = 0x7f120008
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1102da
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1100c3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f11024c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/browser_actions_bg_grey = 0x7f050027
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f07003f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f110027
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/notification_template_part_time = 0x7f0b0066
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/material_clockface_textview = 0x7f0b003c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f1101e0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/transition_layout_save = 0x7f0801d3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/mtrl_anchor_parent = 0x7f080122
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu = 0x7f11024f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/material_timepicker_pm = 0x7f100054
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f11007b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText.Inverse = 0x7f1100b9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_minHeight = 0x7f06016f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/AlertDialog.AppCompat = 0x7f110000
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accessibility_custom_action_1 = 0x7f080011
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f11015b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/common_google_play_services_updating_text = 0x7f100031
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/material_hour_text_input = 0x7f08010b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_2_0_padding_top = 0x7f0600b2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material = 0x7f060004
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f1100af
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_icon_size = 0x7f060067
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/floating = 0x7f0800ca
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/search_menu_title = 0x7f100086
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionMode.Inverse = 0x7f110249
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/copy = 0x7f100037
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f1100ad
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.Design.TextInputLayout = 0x7f110278
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Preference.Information.Material = 0x7f11010a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/switchWidget = 0x7f0801a2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar = 0x7f1100ab
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/backgroundInsetStart = 0x7f030044
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Colored = 0x7f1100a9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f110092
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_snackbar_action_inline_max_width = 0x7f060080
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f1100a0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Text = 0x7f110012
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f110099
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/abc_select_dialog_material = 0x7f0b001a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f110093
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V26.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f11008e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f1100b7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Subtitle = 0x7f1101a0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_peek_height_min = 0x7f060070
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.DayTextView = 0x7f1102b3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/isMaterialTheme = 0x7f0301bf
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V23.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f11008c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V22.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f11008a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/fontProviderAuthority = 0x7f030183
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f110082
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V22.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f110089
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_dialog_min_width_minor = 0x7f060023
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_slider_widget_height = 0x7f06015b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f110088
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_badge_numberless_content_description = 0x7f100057
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f110084
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f11007f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/path_password_eye_mask_visible = 0x7f100081
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/fill_vertical = 0x7f0800c5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl = 0x7f07004d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/test_design_checkbox = 0x7f0b007d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/dragDown = 0x7f0800a2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f11007c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_action_bar_content_inset_with_nav = 0x7f060001
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition = 0x7f120009
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f110079
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f110078
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/design_layout_tab_icon = 0x7f0b002a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/abc_searchview_description_query = 0x7f100014
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f110074
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth.Bridge = 0x7f1101d9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f1101ca
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/icon_group = 0x7f0800de
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/windowActionModeOverlay = 0x7f0303ab
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f11006f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/preference = 0x7f0b0067
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/CompoundButton = 0x7f120024
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/abc_search_hint = 0x7f100012
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/itemIconSize = 0x7f0301c6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f11006e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f11024b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f11006b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AppBarLayout.PrimarySurface = 0x7f11027e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_light = 0x7f07006f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/bottom_sheet_behavior = 0x7f10001d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f110061
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/material_timepicker_cancel_button = 0x7f080111
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f11005d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layoutDescription = 0x7f0301e2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/androidx_core_ripple_material_light = 0x7f05001b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f11005a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/FontFamily = 0x7f120034
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1100df
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_default_color_primary = 0x7f050053
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/preference_widget_seekbar = 0x7f0b0073
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/initialActivityCount = 0x7f0301bb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/mtrl_picker_text_input_range_end = 0x7f080135
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Tooltip = 0x7f11019e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Picker.Date.Spinner = 0x7f1100e9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f110052
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_switch_thumb_material = 0x7f070048
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f11004e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Icon = 0x7f110294
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f110288
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f11009a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.CompactMenu = 0x7f110048
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/CardView = 0x7f1100e2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight = 0x7f1101a4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f110248
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar = 0x7f060050
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintHeight_default = 0x7f0301fa
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/compat_button_inset_vertical_material = 0x7f06005a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1101bf
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Title = 0x7f110046
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/buttonBarStyle = 0x7f030073
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/staggered = 0x7f0302fb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f110040
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/notification_bg = 0x7f0700a4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f110064
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/linearProgressIndicatorStyle = 0x7f030227
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f11003f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/onDateChanged = 0x7f080145
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/number = 0x7f03027e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application = 0x7f100019
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline2 = 0x7f110195
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_item_background_holo_dark = 0x7f070029
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/contentPaddingStart = 0x7f0300ea
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Preference.DialogPreference.EditTextPreference.Material = 0x7f110105
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/abc_tint_btn_checkable = 0x7f050013
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f110066
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button = 0x7f110036
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TimePicker = 0x7f11021e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.SmallComponent = 0x7f110131
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/Insets = 0x7f12003c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_text_input_mode = 0x7f100078
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size_medium = 0x7f060148
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/material_clock_period_am_button = 0x7f080108
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dark = 0x7f110207
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/flow_firstVerticalStyle = 0x7f030171
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/abc_secondary_text_material_light = 0x7f050012
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/text_view_with_line_height_from_layout = 0x7f0b0085
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/fastScrollHorizontalThumbDrawable = 0x7f030168
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/notification_background = 0x7f08013f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/view_offset_helper = 0x7f0801e0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/abc_menu_alt_shortcut_label = 0x7f100008
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title = 0x7f11002c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionMode = 0x7f1100a2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/displayOptions = 0x7f030122
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/MaterialTextAppearance = 0x7f120057
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/RtlOverlay.DialogWindowTitle.AppCompat = 0x7f11011d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/backgroundInsetBottom = 0x7f030042
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f110026
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f110065
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_item_min_width = 0x7f060069
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f110031
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/expandedTitleMargin = 0x7f030158
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/colorButtonNormal = 0x7f0300c2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display2 = 0x7f110019
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:animator/mtrl_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f020016
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.CardView = 0x7f11000d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tint = 0x7f030370
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/windowFixedHeightMajor = 0x7f0303ac
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.AlertDialog.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f110009
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_navigation_separator_vertical_padding = 0x7f06007f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/Transform = 0x7f120090
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert.Bridge = 0x7f1101d4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f110229
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/textinput_suffix_text = 0x7f0801c7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/view_tree_saved_state_registry_owner = 0x7f0801e2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.AlertDialog.AppCompat = 0x7f110008
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderTitle = 0x7f1102bb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_slider_track_height = 0x7f060158
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Animation.Design.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f110006
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/TabItem = 0x7f120088
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Animation.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f110005
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Animation.AppCompat.DropDownUp = 0x7f110004
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f110203
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/AlertDialog.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f110001
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:integer/design_tab_indicator_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f090007
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/editTextEmailProfile = 0x7f0800b2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/abc_menu_enter_shortcut_label = 0x7f10000b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/project_id = 0x7f100085
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/common_google_play_services_notification_ticker = 0x7f10002b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/activity_register = 0x7f0b001f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/maxWidth = 0x7f03025d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Menu = 0x7f110161
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Title = 0x7f1101a1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/autoSizePresetSizes = 0x7f03003c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range_end_hint = 0x7f100071
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/textAppearanceHeadline1 = 0x7f030345
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/preference_copied = 0x7f100083
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1102d8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_fab_shadow_mid_color = 0x7f05005b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/GradientColor = 0x7f120039
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView = 0x7f1100ca
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/imageView2 = 0x7f0800e5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constrainedWidth = 0x7f0301eb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Body1 = 0x7f11018f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/path_password_eye = 0x7f10007f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/material_timepicker_edit_text = 0x7f080113
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/headerLayout = 0x7f030195
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.Underlined = 0x7f110267
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_selected = 0x7f10006c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f110162
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/image_frame = 0x7f0b0036
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/disableDependentsState = 0x7f030121
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/password_Requirements = 0x7f10007d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/material_minute_selection = 0x7f10004c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_checked_circle = 0x7f07008c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f110284
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/thumbRadius = 0x7f030363
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/name = 0x7f10007a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.YearNavigationButton = 0x7f1102c3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f110097
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1100b6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/search_plate = 0x7f080177
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_day_selection = 0x7f100077
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid.Inverse = 0x7f11023f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/counterclockwise = 0x7f080087
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight = 0x7f1101c2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha = 0x7f060081
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/AppBarLayout_Layout = 0x7f12000c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/Preference = 0x7f12006a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_year_abbr = 0x7f100075
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/dayTodayStyle = 0x7f030110
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/hintTextAppearance = 0x7f0301a1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f1102b4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_month_abbr = 0x7f100074
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_text_size_subhead_material = 0x7f06004d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:integer/mtrl_calendar_header_orientation = 0x7f09000d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_picker_save = 0x7f10006f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Body.Text = 0x7f1100e7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_card_elevation = 0x7f060114
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_unselected = 0x7f10006e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f11021d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/shapeAppearanceSmallComponent = 0x7f0302df
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_range = 0x7f100067
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/confirm_button = 0x7f08007b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_format = 0x7f100064
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accessibility_custom_action_20 = 0x7f08001d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tabPaddingEnd = 0x7f030333
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_snackbar_min_width = 0x7f060086
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_picker_date_header_title = 0x7f100061
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/drawableRightCompat = 0x7f03012e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/common_open_on_phone = 0x7f100033
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TestStyleWithThemeLineHeightAttribute = 0x7f11014a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/parent = 0x7f08014a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.NavigationButton = 0x7f1100d8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_picker_date_header_selected = 0x7f100060
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_textinput_caption_translate_y = 0x7f06008f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.BottomLeftDifferentCornerSize = 0x7f110135
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/ImageFilterView = 0x7f12003b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_picker_confirm = 0x7f10005f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_picker_announce_current_selection = 0x7f10005d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/scrollIndicatorUp = 0x7f08016d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/material_slider_range_start = 0x7f10004f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/reverseLayout = 0x7f0302c7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_box_stroke_color = 0x7f05003e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Platform.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1100f1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/editTextPassword = 0x7f0800b4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_exceed_max_badge_number_suffix = 0x7f10005a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/progressBar2 = 0x7f080157
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderCancelButton = 0x7f1102b5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/abc_searchview_description_voice = 0x7f100017
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title = 0x7f110035
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f1101f7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/mtrl_calendar_day = 0x7f0b004b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tabIndicatorAnimationDuration = 0x7f030327
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f11006a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/linearLayout = 0x7f0800f7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/fixed = 0x7f0800c8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f11004c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f110058
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/logout = 0x7f100047
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f11016d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/AppCompatTextHelper = 0x7f12000f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/pivotAnchor = 0x7f0302a1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/hide_bottom_view_on_scroll_behavior = 0x7f100044
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/indicatorDirectionCircular = 0x7f0301b7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/item_view_role_description = 0x7f100046
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/design_navigation_view = 0x7f08009a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/dragLeft = 0x7f0800a4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_badge_text_horizontal_edge_offset = 0x7f0600c4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/google_api_key = 0x7f100040
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/notification_bg_low_normal = 0x7f0700a6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f110242
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/exposed_dropdown_menu_content_description = 0x7f10003c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/default_web_client_id = 0x7f100038
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_list_selector_holo_light = 0x7f070036
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_picker_cancel = 0x7f10005e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/common_google_play_services_wear_update_text = 0x7f100032
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/common_google_play_services_update_button = 0x7f10002e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/common_google_play_services_unknown_issue = 0x7f10002c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.Design.Prefix = 0x7f11018a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/ActionMode = 0x7f120004
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/ic_baseline_email_24 = 0x7f070081
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/clear_text_end_icon_content_description = 0x7f100023
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl = 0x7f07004e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/singleLineTitle = 0x7f0302ed
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/character_counter_overflowed_content_description = 0x7f100020
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_default_alpha = 0x7f060136
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/icon_content_description = 0x7f100045
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/summary = 0x7f030316
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet = 0x7f110139
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/material_minute_tv = 0x7f08010f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/snackbar_action = 0x7f080188
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/behavior_autoHide = 0x7f030052
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f1101de
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:integer/status_bar_notification_info_maxnum = 0x7f090015
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/password_toggle_content_description = 0x7f10007e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/clockIcon = 0x7f0300af
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f06012f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/ic_baseline_remove_24 = 0x7f070085
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/abc_searchview_description_clear = 0x7f100013
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/dataBinding = 0x7f08008c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/abc_menu_sym_shortcut_label = 0x7f100010
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/abc_menu_shift_shortcut_label = 0x7f10000e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView.Inverse = 0x7f110245
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/dialog_button = 0x7f08009b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/mtrl_picker_fullscreen = 0x7f08012f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/abc_action_mode_done = 0x7f100003
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Icon = 0x7f1100ea
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/abc_capital_on = 0x7f100007
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/chain = 0x7f08006b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:plurals/mtrl_badge_content_description = 0x7f0e0000
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/errorIconTintMode = 0x7f030151
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/PreferenceImageView = 0x7f12006e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_btn_disabled_elevation = 0x7f0600d1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/deriveConstraintsFrom = 0x7f030118
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f1100b2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/material_clock_display_divider = 0x7f0b0039
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.LinearProgressIndicator = 0x7f1102ac
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Preference.Category.Material = 0x7f110100
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_btn_hovered_z = 0x7f0600d5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_stroke_width_focused = 0x7f060167
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1101b2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f1100f4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_stroke_width_default = 0x7f060166
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:menu/register_done = 0x7f0c0001
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/material_helper_text_default_padding_top = 0x7f0600b5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/windowActionBar = 0x7f0303a9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/switch_thumb_material_light = 0x7f0500df
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accessibility_custom_action_28 = 0x7f080025
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/mtrl_ic_arrow_drop_down = 0x7f07009a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/min = 0x7f030260
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f1101d8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView.Menu = 0x7f1100c1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/tooltip_frame_light = 0x7f0700b2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Overline = 0x7f11019a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/rangeFillColor = 0x7f0302be
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/test_toolbar_surface = 0x7f0b0083
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f110250
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/error_icon_content_description = 0x7f10003a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat = 0x7f11014e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/editPositionNameLayout = 0x7f0800ae
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/notification_action_tombstone = 0x7f0b0062
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/test_design_radiobutton = 0x7f0b007e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/switch_thumb_normal_material_light = 0x7f0500e1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/test_chip_zero_corner_radius = 0x7f0b007c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/exitUntilCollapsed = 0x7f0800bf
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_button_inset_vertical_material = 0x7f060013
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f110239
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/select_dialog_singlechoice_material = 0x7f0b0079
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/material_minute_suffix = 0x7f10004d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.FixedSize.Bridge = 0x7f1101cc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/textSpacerNoTitle = 0x7f0801b9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year = 0x7f1102c0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/select_dialog_multichoice_material = 0x7f0b0078
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display2 = 0x7f110154
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/preference_widget_switch = 0x7f0b0075
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f11020a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accessibility_custom_action_7 = 0x7f08002d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f1101cb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f110240
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/preference_widget_seekbar_material = 0x7f0b0074
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Preference.Information = 0x7f110109
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/abc_shareactionprovider_share_with = 0x7f100018
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/preference_dropdown = 0x7f0b006b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/flip = 0x7f0800c9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/mtrl_picker_header_title_text = 0x7f0b005d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar = 0x7f1100b5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/errorIconTint = 0x7f030150
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/fragment_container_view_tag = 0x7f0800cc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display = 0x7f11021f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/mtrl_picker_header_fullscreen = 0x7f0b005b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/mtrl_alert_select_dialog_multichoice = 0x7f0b0049
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents = 0x7f1100e6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/common_google_play_services_notification_channel_name = 0x7f10002a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/mtrl_picker_header_dialog = 0x7f0b005a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/mtrl_picker_dialog = 0x7f0b0058
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/mtrl_layout_snackbar = 0x7f0b0055
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/mtrl_calendar_horizontal = 0x7f0b004e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/beginning = 0x7f080058
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu = 0x7f1100bb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/GradientColorItem = 0x7f12003a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/mtrl_alert_dialog_actions = 0x7f0b0046
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_width = 0x7f06010f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Preference.DropDown.Material = 0x7f110108
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/transitionShapeAppearance = 0x7f030394
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_edittext_rectangle_top_offset = 0x7f060118
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Menu = 0x7f11002f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f110247
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/PreferenceTheme = 0x7f12006f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_grey_300 = 0x7f050074
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V28.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f110090
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/activity_profile = 0x7f0b001e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_collapseParallaxMultiplier = 0x7f0301e9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/notification_icon_bg_color = 0x7f0500c3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f12002f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:interpolator/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0a0004
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/mtrl_alert_dialog = 0x7f0b0045
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/OnClick = 0x7f120066
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0600ed
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.Design.Suffix = 0x7f11018c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/material_timepicker = 0x7f0b0042
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:xml/standalone_badge_offset = 0x7f130004
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/material_clock_period_toggle = 0x7f0b003a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/showPaths = 0x7f0302e6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/design_text_input_end_icon = 0x7f0b0033
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_text_size_button_material = 0x7f060041
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Text = 0x7f11012a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Primary = 0x7f110220
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/abc_action_bar_up_description = 0x7f100001
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar = 0x7f11025b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/material_radial_view_group = 0x7f0b003e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_action_bar_item_background_material = 0x7f070008
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/design_navigation_menu_item = 0x7f0b0032
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark = 0x7f07006a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material = 0x7f060007
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/material_timepicker_dialog_buttons_margin_top = 0x7f0600bb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/design_navigation_menu = 0x7f0b0031
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/abc_action_menu_overflow_description = 0x7f100002
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/highlighted_text_material_light = 0x7f05006c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.DialogWindowTitle.AppCompat = 0x7f11000e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.DifferentCornerSize = 0x7f110138
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/design_layout_snackbar_include = 0x7f0b0029
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.Design = 0x7f1101b8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/abc_screen_simple = 0x7f0b0015
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/text_view_without_line_height = 0x7f0b0088
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_default_color_surface = 0x7f050058
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/material_timepicker_am = 0x7f100050
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f11004b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f1100b8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/path_password_eye_mask_strike_through = 0x7f100080
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintEnd_toEndOf = 0x7f0301f5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/linearLayout3 = 0x7f0800f9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/helperTextEnabled = 0x7f030198
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/dependency_ordering = 0x7f080095
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accessibility_custom_action_29 = 0x7f080026
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/paddingTopNoTitle = 0x7f030290
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/design_bottom_navigation_item = 0x7f0b0026
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/activity_settings = 0x7f0b0020
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f110021
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.MediumComponent = 0x7f110130
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/clock_face_margin_start = 0x7f060058
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Query = 0x7f110129
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/action_bar_container = 0x7f080032
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f11020c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_left = 0x7f0600db
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/material_clockface_view = 0x7f0b003d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/ic_clock_black_24dp = 0x7f070086
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070051
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/deltaPolarAngle = 0x7f030115
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode = 0x7f0b0016
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display3 = 0x7f11001a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/abc_popup_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0b0013
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f11005c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_btn_inset = 0x7f0600d8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark = 0x7f050023
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_corner_radius_small = 0x7f060164
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/foreground_material_light = 0x7f05006a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/material_clock_hand_center_dot_radius = 0x7f0600a1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/badgeGravity = 0x7f03004b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body1 = 0x7f110014
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/circle_center = 0x7f080075
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/abc_popup_menu_header_item_layout = 0x7f0b0012
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/textInputLayoutFocusedRectEnabled = 0x7f03035a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/abc_list_menu_item_radio = 0x7f0b0011
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/abc_list_menu_item_icon = 0x7f0b000f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/cache_measures = 0x7f080065
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accessibility_custom_action_18 = 0x7f08001a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/abc_action_bar_title_item = 0x7f0b0000
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_format_use = 0x7f100066
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/fastScrollHorizontalTrackDrawable = 0x7f030169
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/test_toolbar_elevation = 0x7f0b0082
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:interpolator/mtrl_linear_out_slow_in = 0x7f0a000a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.TextView = 0x7f110268
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:interpolator/mtrl_fast_out_slow_in = 0x7f0a0008
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:interpolator/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_1 = 0x7f0a0003
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_btn_check_material = 0x7f07000a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1102e8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/constraintLayout4 = 0x7f08007f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_textinput_counter_margin_start = 0x7f060168
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintLeft_toRightOf = 0x7f030203
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:interpolator/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0a0002
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_vector_test = 0x7f070055
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline5 = 0x7f110198
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionBarTabBarStyle = 0x7f030006
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/trackTintMode = 0x7f03038f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:integer/mtrl_chip_anim_duration = 0x7f090012
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:integer/mtrl_card_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f090011
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:integer/mtrl_calendar_year_selector_span = 0x7f09000f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:integer/mtrl_btn_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f09000b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.Design.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f110272
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:integer/google_play_services_version = 0x7f090008
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/design_menu_item_action_area = 0x7f080097
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/View = 0x7f120093
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.AppCompat.NoActionBar = 0x7f1101b7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:integer/bottom_sheet_slide_duration = 0x7f090003
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/withinBounds = 0x7f0801e9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/chip2 = 0x7f080071
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/ColorStateListItem = 0x7f120023
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/welcomeUser = 0x7f0801e6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/material_textinput_timepicker = 0x7f0b003f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:anim/design_bottom_sheet_slide_in = 0x7f010018
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/abc_activitychooserview_choose_application = 0x7f100005
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/materialCalendarMonth = 0x7f03024a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/groups = 0x7f0800d5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/view_tree_lifecycle_owner = 0x7f0801e1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/useLogo = 0x7f0801dd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/startIconContentDescription = 0x7f0302fd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_checked_black = 0x7f07008b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_fab_shadow_end_color = 0x7f05005a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/transition_position = 0x7f0801d4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/transitionToStart = 0x7f0801d1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_days_of_week_height = 0x7f0600f1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/title = 0x7f0801c9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/ic_baseline_add_24 = 0x7f07007d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f110236
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/textinput_counter = 0x7f0801c2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/textinput_placeholder = 0x7f0801c5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/textView = 0x7f0801bc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_disabled = 0x7f07006e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead.Inverse = 0x7f110167
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/checkedButton = 0x7f030088
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/text2 = 0x7f0801b6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f1101d6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_switch_thumb_elevation = 0x7f060162
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tabIndicatorColor = 0x7f030329
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/test_checkbox_app_button_tint = 0x7f0801b2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/test_checkbox_android_button_tint = 0x7f0801b1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f110218
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f11013a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/design_navigation_item = 0x7f0b002d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/tag_transition_group = 0x7f0801ad
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f1102d2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/design_bottom_sheet = 0x7f080096
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/tag_screen_reader_focusable = 0x7f0801ab
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar.FullWidth = 0x7f1102cd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Test.Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f110146
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/abc_prepend_shortcut_label = 0x7f100011
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.OutlinedButton.Icon = 0x7f110290
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:animator/linear_indeterminate_line2_tail_interpolator = 0x7f02000c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Picker.Date.Calendar = 0x7f1100e8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_message_margin_horizontal = 0x7f060160
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_vertical_padding = 0x7f06010e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/colorPrimaryDark = 0x7f0300ce
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/tag_on_receive_content_mime_types = 0x7f0801aa
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/content = 0x7f080082
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/ViewBackgroundHelper = 0x7f120094
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/TOP_START = 0x7f08000d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/tag_accessibility_heading = 0x7f0801a6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1100d5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/tag_accessibility_clickable_spans = 0x7f0801a5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Preference = 0x7f1100fe
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/tag_accessibility_actions = 0x7f0801a4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/brightness = 0x7f03006e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f1100b0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/chip_group = 0x7f080073
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/stop = 0x7f08019e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/noScroll = 0x7f08013c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/easeOut = 0x7f0800ab
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/ratio = 0x7f08015b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/material_font_1_3_box_collapsed_padding_top = 0x7f0600b3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/startVertical = 0x7f08019b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f110051
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/async = 0x7f080050
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/background = 0x7f030040
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/errorEnabled = 0x7f03014e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/startToEnd = 0x7f08019a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/e_mail = 0x7f100039
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/contentPaddingEnd = 0x7f0300e7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintHeight_min = 0x7f0301fc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/honorRequest = 0x7f0800db
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/abc_action_bar_up_container = 0x7f0b0001
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/textSpacerNoButtons = 0x7f0801b8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/compat_notification_large_icon_max_height = 0x7f06005e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/startHorizontal = 0x7f080199
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material = 0x7f06003a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/src_in = 0x7f080195
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/dialogIcon = 0x7f03011a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/cornerSizeBottomLeft = 0x7f0300f7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/preferenceTheme = 0x7f0302b3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents = 0x7f11012e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_card_checked_icon_margin = 0x7f060110
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/BottomNavigationView = 0x7f120016
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_grey_800 = 0x7f050077
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_timepicker_button_stroke = 0x7f05008b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/mtrl_tabs_default_indicator = 0x7f0700a0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/square = 0x7f080193
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/hideAnimationBehavior = 0x7f03019b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_normal_background = 0x7f070064
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:mipmap/ic_launcher = 0x7f0d0000
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/snap = 0x7f08018a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListMenuView = 0x7f110253
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/primary_dark_material_dark = 0x7f0500c9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/PreferenceFragment = 0x7f110115
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/action_bar_subtitle = 0x7f080035
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/smallLabel = 0x7f080187
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f11023b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/slide = 0x7f080186
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/haloColor = 0x7f030193
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem = 0x7f110120
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_maximum_default_fullscreen_minor_axis = 0x7f0600fd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/behavior_skipCollapsed = 0x7f03005c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/shortcut = 0x7f080180
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.DayNight = 0x7f1101f5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/material_clock_number_text_size = 0x7f0600a4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/search_src_text = 0x7f080178
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/profile = 0x7f100084
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/tag_on_apply_window_listener = 0x7f0801a8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionModeStyle = 0x7f03001c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/activity_chooser_view_content = 0x7f080043
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f110210
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/searchIcon = 0x7f0302d1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_hint = 0x7f100070
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/search_badge = 0x7f080170
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:integer/show_password_duration = 0x7f090014
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/preference_seekbar_padding_vertical = 0x7f060185
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/transitionToEnd = 0x7f0801d0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar = 0x7f1102cc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f11004f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/cut = 0x7f08008a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/src_atop = 0x7f080194
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/leftToRight = 0x7f0800f2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/scrollable = 0x7f08016f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/PreferenceGroup = 0x7f12006d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/switch_thumb_disabled_material_light = 0x7f0500dd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/contentInsetEnd = 0x7f0300df
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/scrollIndicatorDown = 0x7f08016c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/abc_action_menu_layout = 0x7f0b0003
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_edit_text_material = 0x7f07001b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/chip3 = 0x7f080072
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/materialCalendarFullscreenTheme = 0x7f030242
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/sawtooth = 0x7f080168
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/right_side = 0x7f080163
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/right_icon = 0x7f080162
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/right = 0x7f080160
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.Icon = 0x7f11028e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/reverseSawtooth = 0x7f08015f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/uniform = 0x7f0801da
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/design_navigation_item_header = 0x7f0b002e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/registerProgressBar = 0x7f08015e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/recycler_view = 0x7f08015d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Preference.SeekBarPreference.Material = 0x7f11010f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/flow_wrapMode = 0x7f030180
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/radio = 0x7f08015a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f1102a7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accessibility_custom_action_21 = 0x7f08001e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body2 = 0x7f110015
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/search_close_btn = 0x7f080173
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/preference_category = 0x7f0b0068
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:integer/design_snackbar_text_max_lines = 0x7f090006
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/notify_panel_notification_icon_bg = 0x7f0700ae
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/test_radiobutton_app_button_tint = 0x7f0801b4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f11003c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_list_pressed_holo_light = 0x7f070030
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_change_size_collapse_motion_spec = 0x7f020011
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/cardBackgroundColor = 0x7f03007d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/postLayout = 0x7f080155
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_shape_corner_size_small_component = 0x7f060151
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Preference.SwitchPreferenceCompat = 0x7f110112
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/pin = 0x7f080153
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/switchTextAppearance = 0x7f03031e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/percent = 0x7f080152
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/position = 0x7f080154
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/SHOW_PROGRESS = 0x7f08000a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/dialogMessage = 0x7f03011c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/parent_matrix = 0x7f08014d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/altSrc = 0x7f030030
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/parentPanel = 0x7f08014b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_card_dragged_z = 0x7f060113
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_tabs_icon_color_selector = 0x7f0500b8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/parallax = 0x7f080149
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Icon = 0x7f110010
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MyGoalsKotlin = 0x7f1101ef
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/abc_menu_meta_shortcut_label = 0x7f10000d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_start = 0x7f0600be
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/onAttachStateChangeListener = 0x7f080144
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/off = 0x7f080142
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/dragThreshold = 0x7f030129
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.Design.Counter = 0x7f110184
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/iconTint = 0x7f0301ae
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/notification_main_column_container = 0x7f080141
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_next_black_24dp = 0x7f070093
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderLayout = 0x7f1102b8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_vertical_2lines = 0x7f060089
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/toolbarStyle = 0x7f03037f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/abc_decor_view_status_guard_light = 0x7f050006
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f110201
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/none = 0x7f08013d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_pressed_alpha = 0x7f060139
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Header = 0x7f110179
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_insetEdge = 0x7f03021d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/wrap = 0x7f0801ea
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/never = 0x7f08013b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/save_non_transition_alpha = 0x7f080166
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/coordinator = 0x7f080085
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionModeCloseDrawable = 0x7f030013
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless = 0x7f1100a6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_dialog_material_background = 0x7f07001a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/mtrl_picker_text_input_date = 0x7f080134
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_default_color_error = 0x7f05004d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/mtrl_picker_header_toggle = 0x7f080133
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/mtrl_picker_header_title_and_selection = 0x7f080132
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/passwordToggleContentDescription = 0x7f030294
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tabInlineLabel = 0x7f03032d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/info = 0x7f0800e6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tabPadding = 0x7f030331
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/TabLayout = 0x7f120089
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/bright_foreground_material_light = 0x7f050026
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/submit_area = 0x7f0801a1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/checked = 0x7f08006e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/up = 0x7f0801dc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_padding_left = 0x7f0600e2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/wrap_content = 0x7f0801eb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/region_heightMoreThan = 0x7f0302c4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year.Today = 0x7f1102c2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderDivider = 0x7f1102b7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/KeyCycle = 0x7f12003e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/ignore = 0x7f0800e1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/mtrl_card_checked_layer_id = 0x7f08012b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_minWidth = 0x7f060170
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/KeyFramesAcceleration = 0x7f120040
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TestStyleWithoutLineHeight = 0x7f11014b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/mtrl_calendar_year_selector_frame = 0x7f08012a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/abc_searchview_description_submit = 0x7f100016
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Platform.V25.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1100fc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/linearLayout2 = 0x7f0800f8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Platform.V21.AppCompat = 0x7f1100f9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_btn_icon_btn_padding_left = 0x7f0600d6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1102c8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/ghost_view = 0x7f0800cd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/mtrl_calendar_selection_frame = 0x7f080128
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:interpolator/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_1 = 0x7f0a0001
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/profileImageView = 0x7f080156
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_on_primary_emphasis_medium = 0x7f05007f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_navigation_icon_padding = 0x7f060079
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/mtrl_calendar_months = 0x7f080127
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_dialog_corner_radius_material = 0x7f06001b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/mtrl_calendar_main_pane = 0x7f080126
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/appcompat_dialog_background_inset = 0x7f060052
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/MaterialAutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f12004e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar.Discrete = 0x7f110263
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/month_navigation_previous = 0x7f08011f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/special_effects_controller_view_tag = 0x7f08018d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/visible_removing_fragment_view_tag = 0x7f0801e5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/month_navigation_next = 0x7f08011e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/Toolbar = 0x7f12008e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Title = 0x7f11019d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size_small = 0x7f060149
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/cornerFamilyTopRight = 0x7f0300f4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1101a7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/month_grid = 0x7f08011b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/minHeight = 0x7f030261
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/abc_list_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0b0010
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/material_clock_period_toggle = 0x7f08010a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f11009e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle2 = 0x7f110043
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/material_clock_display = 0x7f080105
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/matchesValue = 0x7f080104
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/loginProgressBar = 0x7f080101
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f11017b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f110208
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/loadingLayout = 0x7f080100
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionModeTheme = 0x7f03001d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_list_longpressed_holo = 0x7f07002e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/height = 0x7f030196
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Cut = 0x7f110137
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/materialAlertDialogTheme = 0x7f03023a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/middle = 0x7f080119
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/linearLayout6 = 0x7f0800fc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1101a2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/ActivityChooserView = 0x7f120005
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/deltaRelative = 0x7f080094
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/linearLayout5 = 0x7f0800fb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display1 = 0x7f110018
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/EditTextPreference = 0x7f12002e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/text_view_with_line_height_from_appearance = 0x7f0b0084
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f07004b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/linearLayout4 = 0x7f0800fa
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/line3 = 0x7f0800f5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/light = 0x7f0800f3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/layout = 0x7f0800f0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/inward = 0x7f0800e8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/MaterialButton = 0x7f12004f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accelerate = 0x7f08000e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintWidth_default = 0x7f030210
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/left = 0x7f0800f1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:anim/abc_slide_out_bottom = 0x7f010008
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_fab_elevation = 0x7f06012d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/imageView = 0x7f0800e4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/ignoreRequest = 0x7f0800e2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/tag_accessibility_pane_title = 0x7f0801a7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/notification_template_icon_low_bg = 0x7f0700ac
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintBottom_toTopOf = 0x7f0301f0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f1100ba
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:integer/app_bar_elevation_anim_duration = 0x7f090002
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/icon = 0x7f0800dc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView = 0x7f1100bf
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070018
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f110076
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/home = 0x7f0800d9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/transition_scene_layoutid_cache = 0x7f0801d5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_text_size_caption_material = 0x7f060042
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/transition_transform = 0x7f0801d6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f110226
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/browser_actions_menu_item_icon = 0x7f08005d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/hideable = 0x7f0800d8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/grouping = 0x7f0800d4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/submitBackground = 0x7f03030d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/ghost_view_holder = 0x7f0800ce
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionModePopupWindowStyle = 0x7f030018
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/fill = 0x7f0800c3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/floatingActionButtonStyle = 0x7f03016d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/itemShapeAppearance = 0x7f0301cb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/fade = 0x7f0800c2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f110227
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/end = 0x7f0800bb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_outlined_stroke_color = 0x7f0500b4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/elastic = 0x7f0800ba
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/edit_query = 0x7f0800b8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Preference.SwitchPreference.Material = 0x7f110111
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/editTextRegisterName = 0x7f0800b7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/editTextRegisterEmail = 0x7f0800b6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/editTextNameUser = 0x7f0800b3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText.Inverse = 0x7f110243
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Platform.MaterialComponents = 0x7f1100f2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/State = 0x7f120080
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/ic_mtrl_checked_circle = 0x7f07008a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/PopupWindowBackgroundState = 0x7f120069
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/editTextPosition = 0x7f0800b5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle1 = 0x7f11019b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f11016a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/dragUp = 0x7f0800a7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/enterAlwaysCollapsed = 0x7f0800be
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintDimensionRatio = 0x7f0301f4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/abc_screen_content_include = 0x7f0b0014
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f1100f3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layoutManager = 0x7f0301e4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/dragStart = 0x7f0800a6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/direct = 0x7f08009d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/boxStrokeWidthFocused = 0x7f03006d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/default_activity_button = 0x7f080093
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/decor_content_parent = 0x7f080090
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout = 0x7f0301e1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large = 0x7f11001e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/preference_dialog_edittext = 0x7f0b006a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/decelerateAndComplete = 0x7f08008f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/decelerate = 0x7f08008e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/dark = 0x7f08008b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/contiguous = 0x7f080084
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/container = 0x7f080081
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Preference.DialogPreference = 0x7f110103
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/snackbarTextViewStyle = 0x7f0302f3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/test_mtrl_calendar_day_cornerSize = 0x7f060187
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accessibility_custom_action_16 = 0x7f080018
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/errorTextColor = 0x7f030153
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/constraintLayout5 = 0x7f080080
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_dark_default_color_on_background = 0x7f050041
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/controlBackground = 0x7f0300ee
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ContextMenu = 0x7f1100da
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead = 0x7f11002a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/clockwise = 0x7f080079
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Primary = 0x7f110204
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/clear_text = 0x7f080076
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/MaterialToolbar = 0x7f12005a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_weight = 0x7f030200
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/baseline = 0x7f080056
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_tabs_legacy_text_color_selector = 0x7f0500ba
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/chip1 = 0x7f080070
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator.ExtraSmall = 0x7f1102a1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/center = 0x7f080068
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tabPaddingTop = 0x7f030335
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/maxVelocity = 0x7f03025c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/cancelEditButton = 0x7f080066
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_btn_transparent_bg_color = 0x7f05009a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/buttonRegister = 0x7f080064
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionBarDivider = 0x7f030000
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/buttonLogin = 0x7f080062
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/alertTitle = 0x7f080049
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/TOP_END = 0x7f08000c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/search_bar = 0x7f080171
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/activity_login = 0x7f0b001c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_seekbar_tick_mark_material = 0x7f070042
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/bounce = 0x7f08005b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_blue_grey_800 = 0x7f05006d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/bottom = 0x7f08005a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/boxBackgroundColor = 0x7f030063
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/material_slider_range_end = 0x7f10004e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/listMode = 0x7f0800fd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/auto = 0x7f080051
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/animateToStart = 0x7f08004e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/animateToEnd = 0x7f08004d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/showDividers = 0x7f0302e4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/blocking = 0x7f080059
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.SearchView = 0x7f110260
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListMenuView = 0x7f1100bd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/all = 0x7f08004b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/mtrl_calendar_vertical = 0x7f0b0053
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/addMatchButton = 0x7f080046
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/notification_bg_low = 0x7f0700a5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_control_background_material = 0x7f070019
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070040
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_dialog_list_padding_bottom_no_buttons = 0x7f060020
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/mock_diagonalsColor = 0x7f030266
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/addGoalButton = 0x7f080045
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/dialogPreferredPadding = 0x7f03011e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/dropdown_menu = 0x7f0800a8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/listLayout = 0x7f03022d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/add = 0x7f080044
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/userProfile = 0x7f0801df
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/mtrl_calendar_day_selector_frame = 0x7f080123
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/action_text = 0x7f080041
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/splitTrack = 0x7f0302f8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f1101ee
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialButtonToggleGroup = 0x7f1102ad
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000 = 0x7f07000c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/material_time_input = 0x7f0b0041
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/chip = 0x7f08006f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown = 0x7f110126
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/action_mode_close_button = 0x7f080040
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/action_menu_presenter = 0x7f08003d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView.PrimarySurface = 0x7f11028a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/action_menu_divider = 0x7f08003b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/BaseProgressIndicator = 0x7f120014
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/AppCompatSeekBar = 0x7f12000e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_hovered_alpha = 0x7f060133
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/action_context_bar = 0x7f080038
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/materialCalendarStyle = 0x7f03024c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f070024
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/notification_template_part_chronometer = 0x7f0b0065
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/flow_lastVerticalStyle = 0x7f030179
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/action_bar_spinner = 0x7f080034
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/abc_primary_text_material_dark = 0x7f05000b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/action_bar_activity_content = 0x7f080031
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/RangeSlider = 0x7f120072
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Icon1 = 0x7f110127
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/action_bar = 0x7f080030
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/test_reflow_chipgroup = 0x7f0b007f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accessibility_custom_action_9 = 0x7f08002f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/CardView.Dark = 0x7f1100e3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accessibility_custom_action_8 = 0x7f08002e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationView = 0x7f1102c4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button = 0x7f110174
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/edittext_background = 0x7f070079
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accessibility_custom_action_6 = 0x7f08002c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_box_outer_merged_animation = 0x7f01000d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accessibility_custom_action_5 = 0x7f08002b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accessibility_custom_action_30 = 0x7f080028
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accessibility_custom_action_26 = 0x7f080023
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f1102a8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f07001f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accessibility_custom_action_0 = 0x7f080010
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/material_hour_selection = 0x7f10004a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.Design.Counter.Overflow = 0x7f110185
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accessibility_custom_action_2 = 0x7f08001c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Text = 0x7f1100ee
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accessibility_custom_action_17 = 0x7f080019
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/autoCompleteToStart = 0x7f080054
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accessibility_custom_action_15 = 0x7f080017
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f11013c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/SYM = 0x7f08000b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/mtrl_picker_header_selection_text = 0x7f0b005c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/NO_DEBUG = 0x7f080006
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/FUNCTION = 0x7f080004
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f1101da
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/CTRL = 0x7f080003
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f11028d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Preference.DropDown = 0x7f110107
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/item_touch_helper_previous_elevation = 0x7f0800ea
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/BOTTOM_START = 0x7f080002
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_year_selection = 0x7f100079
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/barLength = 0x7f03004e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/BOTTOM_END = 0x7f080001
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/test_custom_background = 0x7f0700b0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1101ac
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:anim/abc_tooltip_exit = 0x7f01000b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Icon = 0x7f110295
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_cornerSize = 0x7f06016e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f07003c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/notification_tile_bg = 0x7f0700ad
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f110095
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/windowFixedHeightMinor = 0x7f0303ad
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/notification_template_icon_bg = 0x7f0700ab
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f11005e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/material_helper_text_font_1_3_padding_top = 0x7f0600b7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:anim/abc_slide_in_bottom = 0x7f010006
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/search_voice_btn = 0x7f080179
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/notification_bg_normal_pressed = 0x7f0700a9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accessibility_custom_action_10 = 0x7f080012
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f11015c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/notification_bg_normal = 0x7f0700a8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/text_view_with_line_height_from_style = 0x7f0b0086
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/notification_action_background = 0x7f0700a3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/BackgroundStyle = 0x7f120012
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/navigation_empty_icon = 0x7f0700a2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/mtrl_popupmenu_background_dark = 0x7f07009f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f110016
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/titleMarginEnd = 0x7f030376
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/MotionLayout = 0x7f120061
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/mtrl_popupmenu_background = 0x7f07009e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_cab_background_top_material = 0x7f070017
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/mtrl_ic_cancel = 0x7f07009c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/tag_unhandled_key_event_manager = 0x7f0801ae
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f11022a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/seekbar_value = 0x7f08017b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/expand_button = 0x7f0b0035
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/hint_pressed_alpha_material_light = 0x7f06009b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_btn_borderless_material = 0x7f070009
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/textinput_error = 0x7f0801c3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintHeight_percent = 0x7f0301fd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:interpolator/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0a0005
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f110217
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/mtrl_ic_arrow_drop_up = 0x7f07009b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_picker_day_of_week_column_header = 0x7f100063
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/indicatorSize = 0x7f0301ba
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f110083
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/dropdownListPreferredItemHeight = 0x7f030136
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/material_ic_menu_arrow_down_black_24dp = 0x7f070096
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/trackCornerRadius = 0x7f03038b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f110228
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:anim/mtrl_bottom_sheet_slide_out = 0x7f01001e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents = 0x7f1101fb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/transitionPathRotate = 0x7f030393
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_right_black_24dp = 0x7f070095
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/PreferenceFragmentList.Material = 0x7f110118
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Panel = 0x7f1100ec
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/material_ic_clear_black_24dp = 0x7f070090
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/chronometer = 0x7f080074
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/mtrl_calendar_months = 0x7f0b0052
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/MotionTelltales = 0x7f120063
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/ic_launcher_foreground = 0x7f070089
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/ic_launcher_background = 0x7f070088
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/goIcon = 0x7f030192
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/ic_keyboard_black_24dp = 0x7f070087
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/ic_baseline_person_24 = 0x7f070084
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_textinput_outline_box_expanded_padding = 0x7f06016a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/ic_baseline_edit_24 = 0x7f070080
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/edit_text_password = 0x7f0800b9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/framePosition = 0x7f03018f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/indeterminateProgressStyle = 0x7f0301b5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/ic_baseline_done_24 = 0x7f07007f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f1101d1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar = 0x7f110262
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_ring_outer_path_animation = 0x7f010017
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/material_timepicker_mode_button = 0x7f080114
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/ic_baseline_close_24 = 0x7f07007e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/colorScheme = 0x7f0300d1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f11023a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f1101d2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/ic_arrow_down_24dp = 0x7f07007c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/googleg_standard_color_18 = 0x7f07007b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/design_snackbar_background = 0x7f070078
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/design_ic_visibility_off = 0x7f070076
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/design_ic_visibility = 0x7f070075
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f110223
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/bottomsheet_action_expand_halfway = 0x7f10001e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015 = 0x7f07000d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/title_template = 0x7f0801cb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/action_image = 0x7f08003a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/decreaseMatchButton = 0x7f080092
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/design_fab_background = 0x7f070074
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/Constraint = 0x7f120025
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_normal_background = 0x7f07006d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_normal = 0x7f07006c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/ForegroundLinearLayout = 0x7f120036
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_badge_radius = 0x7f0600c3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_focused = 0x7f07006b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_normal_background = 0x7f070069
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/abc_cascading_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0b000b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/google_crash_reporting_api_key = 0x7f100042
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f110054
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.DropDownItem = 0x7f110178
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_light = 0x7f070066
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/barrierDirection = 0x7f030050
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_focused = 0x7f070062
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/common_full_open_on_phone = 0x7f070060
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/btn_radio_on_to_off_mtrl_animation = 0x7f07005f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/btn_radio_off_to_on_mtrl_animation = 0x7f07005d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/mtrl_picker_header_selection_text = 0x7f080131
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/btn_radio_off_mtrl = 0x7f07005c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/abc_list_menu_item_checkbox = 0x7f0b000e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/btn_checkbox_unchecked_to_checked_mtrl_animation = 0x7f07005b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f110030
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:integer/mtrl_card_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f090010
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:bool/abc_action_bar_embed_tabs = 0x7f040000
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_textfield_search_material = 0x7f070054
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/minWidth = 0x7f030265
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.Design.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1101bb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionModeCloseButtonStyle = 0x7f030011
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/mtrl_dialog_background = 0x7f070098
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Caption = 0x7f110152
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/snapMargins = 0x7f08018b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070053
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/colorSurface = 0x7f0300d4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/hintTextColor = 0x7f0301a2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_picker_out_of_range = 0x7f100069
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu = 0x7f1102c5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.CompactMenu = 0x7f1101c1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/PreferenceThemeOverlay = 0x7f11011a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/expanded_menu = 0x7f0800c1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070052
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_deep_teal_500 = 0x7f050072
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070050
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.Test = 0x7f110132
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Colored = 0x7f110038
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Preference.CheckBoxPreference.Material = 0x7f110102
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_star_black_48dp = 0x7f070046
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox = 0x7f110140
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_spinner_textfield_background_material = 0x7f070045
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_slider_label_padding = 0x7f060153
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/material_value_index = 0x7f080117
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accessibility_custom_action_14 = 0x7f080016
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f070044
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/goalsValue = 0x7f0800cf
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/flow_firstHorizontalBias = 0x7f03016e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_ratingbar_small_material = 0x7f07003b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/unlabeled = 0x7f0801db
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_ratingbar_indicator_material = 0x7f070039
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/suffixTextColor = 0x7f030314
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_dark_default_color_primary_dark = 0x7f050047
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/gcm_defaultSenderId = 0x7f10003f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/flow_padding = 0x7f03017b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/easeInOut = 0x7f0800aa
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult = 0x7f070038
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/useCompatPadding = 0x7f03039a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium.Inverse = 0x7f110023
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/alertDialogStyle = 0x7f030028
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/dragDirection = 0x7f030127
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:interpolator/mtrl_fast_out_linear_in = 0x7f0a0007
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult = 0x7f070037
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light = 0x7f070034
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark = 0x7f070031
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_list_pressed_holo_dark = 0x7f07002f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/design_text_input_start_icon = 0x7f0b0034
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/masked = 0x7f080103
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_list_focused_holo = 0x7f07002d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/textEnd = 0x7f0801b7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/expandedTitleMarginEnd = 0x7f03015a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/ScrimInsetsFrameLayout = 0x7f120075
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/clip_vertical = 0x7f080078
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/browser_actions_header_text = 0x7f08005c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/material_clock_period_pm_button = 0x7f080109
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.Design.Hint = 0x7f110188
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_item_background_holo_light = 0x7f07002a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/constraintSetEnd = 0x7f0300d8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accessibility_custom_action_25 = 0x7f080022
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_calendar_input_mode = 0x7f100076
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/CardView.Light = 0x7f1100e4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor = 0x7f06001f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AppBarLayout.Primary = 0x7f11027d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Indicator = 0x7f11025e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_ic_search_api_material = 0x7f070027
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_cab_background_internal_bg = 0x7f070016
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/fontProviderFetchStrategy = 0x7f030185
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f11000c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070025
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_picker_navigate_to_year_description = 0x7f100068
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070022
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/drawableTopCompat = 0x7f030133
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f1101b6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_ic_arrow_drop_right_black_24dp = 0x7f07001d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V7.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f110096
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/MaterialButtonToggleGroup = 0x7f120050
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accessibility_custom_action_13 = 0x7f080015
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012 = 0x7f070015
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/ic_baseline_keyboard_arrow_left_24 = 0x7f070082
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001 = 0x7f070014
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015 = 0x7f070013
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/snackbarButtonStyle = 0x7f0302f1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/ActionMenuItemView = 0x7f120002
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl = 0x7f07005a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_editor_absoluteX = 0x7f030215
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium = 0x7f110022
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V23.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f11008b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_btn_radio_material = 0x7f070010
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/maxButtonHeight = 0x7f030257
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape = 0x7f07000f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f110086
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_btn_colored_material = 0x7f07000e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f1100f6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/trackColorInactive = 0x7f03038a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_close_circle = 0x7f07008d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_dialog_padding_material = 0x7f060024
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_btn_check_material_anim = 0x7f07000b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/textinput_helper_text = 0x7f0801c4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.Alert.Bridge = 0x7f1101c9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/telltales_tailColor = 0x7f03033d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light = 0x7f050001
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/$avd_show_password__2 = 0x7f070005
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:integer/abc_config_activityShortDur = 0x7f090001
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Preference.Material = 0x7f11010b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f1101a9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/$avd_hide_password__2 = 0x7f070002
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/common_google_play_services_install_title = 0x7f100029
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f110259
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/$avd_hide_password__1 = 0x7f070001
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/closeIconEnabled = 0x7f0300b2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1102d5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/tag_unhandled_key_listeners = 0x7f0801af
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/$avd_hide_password__0 = 0x7f070000
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f1101db
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/tooltip_precise_anchor_threshold = 0x7f06018c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/selected = 0x7f08017d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/mtrl_internal_children_alpha_tag = 0x7f08012d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/customIntegerValue = 0x7f030109
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_chip_background_color = 0x7f05009f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/tooltip_precise_anchor_extra_offset = 0x7f06018b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/tabMode = 0x7f0801a3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f11021a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f11018e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/tooltip_margin = 0x7f06018a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_arrowSize = 0x7f06016d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tabRippleColor = 0x7f030336
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/multiply = 0x7f080139
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/material_clock_display_divider = 0x7f100048
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/constraintLayout = 0x7f08007c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/tooltip_horizontal_padding = 0x7f060189
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_normal = 0x7f070063
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline6 = 0x7f110042
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/maxHeight = 0x7f030259
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/material_timepicker_minute = 0x7f100053
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_text_size_menu_material = 0x7f06004b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/tooltip_corner_radius = 0x7f060188
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f1100d2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:interpolator/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0a0000
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/EmptyTheme = 0x7f1100e5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/CircleImageView = 0x7f12001d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/boxStrokeWidth = 0x7f03006c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f11007a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005 = 0x7f07003e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/preference_seekbar_value_minWidth = 0x7f060186
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/zero_corner_chip = 0x7f0801ec
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_picker_background_inset = 0x7f0600c0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/preference_dropdown_padding_start = 0x7f060182
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/progressBarStyle = 0x7f0302ba
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f110098
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f110068
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/backgroundTint = 0x7f030049
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_dark_default_color_error = 0x7f050040
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/spanCount = 0x7f0302f4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/notification_top_pad_large_text = 0x7f060181
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/textAppearanceBody1 = 0x7f030341
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/notification_main_column = 0x7f080140
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/notification_right_side_padding_top = 0x7f06017c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f1101b1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/notification_right_icon_size = 0x7f06017b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accessibility_custom_action_27 = 0x7f080024
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/notification_big_circle_margin = 0x7f060175
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextView = 0x7f1100e1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/fastscroll_minimum_range = 0x7f060094
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f11013b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_transition_shared_axis_slide_distance = 0x7f060172
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_toolbar_default_height = 0x7f06016c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/buttonSize = 0x7f030078
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f1101d5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/iconEndPadding = 0x7f0301a8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.AppCompat.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f1101ae
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/itemTextAppearanceActive = 0x7f0301d6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_grey_600 = 0x7f050076
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_corner_radius_medium = 0x7f060163
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f11007d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_slider_label_square_side = 0x7f060155
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f11007e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f110047
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/Slider = 0x7f12007c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintStart_toStartOf = 0x7f030208
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/paddingLeftSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f03028d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker = 0x7f1102df
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_shape_corner_size_medium_component = 0x7f060150
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f1100db
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/expandedHintEnabled = 0x7f030156
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/RadialViewGroup = 0x7f120071
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/material_timepicker_view = 0x7f080116
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_shape_corner_size_large_component = 0x7f06014f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/hideOnContentScroll = 0x7f03019d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_text_padding = 0x7f0600f9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/chainUseRtl = 0x7f030085
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_progress_track_thickness = 0x7f06014e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/chip_text = 0x7f100022
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_on_surface_ripple_color = 0x7f0500b2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_medium = 0x7f06014b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/fitToContents = 0x7f0800c7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display1 = 0x7f110153
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size = 0x7f060146
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/mtrl_alert_select_dialog_item = 0x7f0b0048
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_toBaselineOf = 0x7f0301ed
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset = 0x7f060141
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/mtrl_picker_fullscreen = 0x7f0b0059
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/mtrl_motion_snapshot_view = 0x7f08012e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f06013c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_focused_alpha = 0x7f060137
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_default_alpha = 0x7f060131
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_choice_chip_ripple_color = 0x7f0500a4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/percentWidth = 0x7f03029c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f11022d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_navigation_elevation = 0x7f06013b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/abc_searchview_description_search = 0x7f100015
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/design_layout_snackbar = 0x7f0b0028
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout = 0x7f120022
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/checkedIconMargin = 0x7f03008c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f1101f2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_icon_text_spacing = 0x7f060124
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/transitionDisable = 0x7f030390
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/mtrl_calendar_month_navigation = 0x7f0b0051
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/actions = 0x7f080042
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionLayout = 0x7f03000d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_icon_size = 0x7f060123
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_elevation = 0x7f060120
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.OutlinedButton = 0x7f11028f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f110238
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/common_google_play_services_update_text = 0x7f10002f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f11022c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/expandedTitleMarginTop = 0x7f03015c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_elevation = 0x7f060119
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset_small = 0x7f060144
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_chip_pressed_translation_z = 0x7f060116
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f1101c0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layoutDuringTransition = 0x7f0301e3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/fabSize = 0x7f030166
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/jumpToEnd = 0x7f0800eb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_height = 0x7f06010c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/navigation_header_container = 0x7f08013a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_corner = 0x7f06010b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tooltipStyle = 0x7f030382
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_bottom = 0x7f060105
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar.Inverse = 0x7f110241
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_navigation_top_padding = 0x7f060102
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_navigation_bottom_padding = 0x7f060100
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/design_menu_item_action_area = 0x7f0b002c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_toggle_margin_top = 0x7f0600fb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/drawableSize = 0x7f03012f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_toggle_margin_bottom = 0x7f0600fa
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f070021
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_selection_line_height = 0x7f0600f8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/barrier = 0x7f080055
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_dialog_background_inset = 0x7f0600f2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/titleTextStyle = 0x7f03037c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_height = 0x7f0600ec
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/dragEnd = 0x7f0800a3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Slider = 0x7f1102cb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/checkedIconTint = 0x7f03008e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/preference_information = 0x7f0b006d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_corner = 0x7f0600eb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/tag_on_receive_content_listener = 0x7f0801a9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/indicatorInset = 0x7f0301b9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/cancel_button = 0x7f080067
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/boxBackgroundMode = 0x7f030064
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:integer/mtrl_btn_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f09000c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:integer/abc_config_activityDefaultDur = 0x7f090000
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tickColor = 0x7f030369
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/subtitleTextAppearance = 0x7f03030f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V26.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f11008f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_action_height = 0x7f0600e7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle = 0x7f030071
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Menu = 0x7f110024
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_item_max_width = 0x7f060062
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/design_navigation_item_separator = 0x7f0b002f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_size = 0x7f0600e4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/notification_top_pad = 0x7f060180
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/checkedChip = 0x7f030089
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/colorBackgroundFloating = 0x7f0300c1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_btn_stroke_size = 0x7f0600e0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Line2 = 0x7f110180
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f110072
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_btn_focused_z = 0x7f0600d4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/chipMinHeight = 0x7f03009a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintGuide_begin = 0x7f0301f7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonStyle = 0x7f03015f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/group_divider = 0x7f0800d3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/curveFit = 0x7f030103
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_btn_dialog_btn_min_width = 0x7f0600d0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_badge_long_text_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0600c2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintGuide_end = 0x7f0301f8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_badge_horizontal_edge_offset = 0x7f0600c1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/abc_decor_view_status_guard = 0x7f050005
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/material_text_view_test_line_height_override = 0x7f0600ba
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f1100be
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/colorControlActivated = 0x7f0300c3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/material_text_view_test_line_height = 0x7f0600b9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/$avd_show_password__0 = 0x7f070003
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/material_input_text_to_prefix_suffix_padding = 0x7f0600b8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f050099
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_content_padding_fullscreen = 0x7f0600f4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/showCustom = 0x7f080181
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/textAppearancePopupMenuHeader = 0x7f030351
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/selectionRequired = 0x7f0302d9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_shape_vertical_margin = 0x7f060140
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Colored = 0x7f110232
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:integer/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_lines = 0x7f09000e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_2_0_padding_bottom = 0x7f0600b1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_normal = 0x7f070068
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/material_emphasis_disabled = 0x7f0600ac
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/contentInsetRight = 0x7f0300e2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/material_cursor_inset_bottom = 0x7f0600a9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/row_index_key = 0x7f080165
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar.Horizontal = 0x7f11025c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/material_clock_size = 0x7f0600a8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/bright_foreground_inverse_material_light = 0x7f050024
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/design_menu_item_action_area_stub = 0x7f080098
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/notification_template_icon_group = 0x7f0b0064
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_margin_left = 0x7f0600a6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/material_clock_face_margin_top = 0x7f0600a0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/item_touch_helper_max_drag_scroll_per_frame = 0x7f06009c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/colorPrimary = 0x7f0300cd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/tag_window_insets_animation_callback = 0x7f0801b0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/hint_alpha_material_light = 0x7f060099
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item = 0x7f0b007a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/customNavigationLayout = 0x7f03010a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_colored = 0x7f060095
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/fastscroll_default_thickness = 0x7f060092
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/common_google_play_services_install_text = 0x7f100028
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/statusBarScrim = 0x7f030309
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/itemBackground = 0x7f0301c1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/FloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout = 0x7f120032
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/disabled_alpha_material_light = 0x7f060091
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/disabled_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f060090
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_btn_ripple_color = 0x7f050094
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_tab_text_size_2line = 0x7f06008e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/material_ic_calendar_black_24dp = 0x7f07008f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_textinput_start_icon_margin_end = 0x7f06016b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_on_background_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f05007b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/maxImageSize = 0x7f03025a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_tab_text_size = 0x7f06008d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/month_navigation_bar = 0x7f08011c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f060033
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle.Common = 0x7f1100b1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/compat_button_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f06005b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_text_size = 0x7f06006d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_snackbar_text_size = 0x7f06008a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/colorOnBackground = 0x7f0300c7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_vertical_offset = 0x7f0600cd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/notification_template_custom_big = 0x7f0b0063
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_horizontal = 0x7f060087
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/iconTintMode = 0x7f0301af
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/listChoiceBackgroundIndicator = 0x7f030228
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_dodgeInsetEdges = 0x7f030214
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/filled = 0x7f0800c6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_snackbar_elevation = 0x7f060083
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_search_view_preferred_width = 0x7f060037
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_navigation_padding_bottom = 0x7f06007e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_on_surface_disabled = 0x7f050080
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.DialogWindowTitleBackground.AppCompat = 0x7f11000f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/cardview_shadow_end_color = 0x7f05002f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/material_timepicker_ok_button = 0x7f080115
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_navigation_max_width = 0x7f06007d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_day_abbr = 0x7f100073
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070049
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/dropdownPreferenceStyle = 0x7f030137
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tooltipText = 0x7f030383
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f060076
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/material_timepicker_hour = 0x7f100052
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar.Discrete = 0x7f1100cd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/view_tree_view_model_store_owner = 0x7f0801e3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_small = 0x7f06014c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/MenuItem = 0x7f12005c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_fab_border_width = 0x7f060071
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/alertDialogTheme = 0x7f030029
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_scrollFlags = 0x7f030220
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/tag_state_description = 0x7f0801ac
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/popupTheme = 0x7f0302a8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.DayNight.ActionBar = 0x7f1101f6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line = 0x7f0b0018
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/materialTimePickerStyle = 0x7f030253
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_margin = 0x7f06006b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_item_max_width = 0x7f060068
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fabOffsetEndMode = 0x7f0600c9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_goneMarginRight = 0x7f03021a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupWindow = 0x7f1100c4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/homeAsUpIndicator = 0x7f0301a3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_floating_window_z = 0x7f06002f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_elevation = 0x7f060065
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/mtrl_calendar_text_input_frame = 0x7f080129
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_pre_l_text_clip_padding = 0x7f060103
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/bottomAppBarStyle = 0x7f03005f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_text_size = 0x7f060064
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.BarSize = 0x7f1101dc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_appbar_elevation = 0x7f060061
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_tab_scrollable_min_width = 0x7f06008c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/header_title = 0x7f0800d7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/itemHorizontalTranslationEnabled = 0x7f0301c4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material = 0x7f06000f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat = 0x7f110013
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light = 0x7f070032
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f020013
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/default_dimension = 0x7f060060
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/rippleColor = 0x7f0302c8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/compat_notification_large_icon_max_width = 0x7f06005f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Headline = 0x7f11001c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f1101d0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/yearTodayStyle = 0x7f0303b5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_star_small = 0x7f06003d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/cardview_default_radius = 0x7f060057
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/cardview_default_elevation = 0x7f060056
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/browser_actions_context_menu_min_padding = 0x7f060054
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/browser_actions_context_menu_max_width = 0x7f060053
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_exceed_max_badge_number_content_description = 0x7f100059
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_corner_radius = 0x7f06011d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_fab_stroke_end_outer_color = 0x7f05005e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_text_size_small_material = 0x7f06004c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f11006c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/state_lifted = 0x7f030306
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/action_bar_size = 0x7f060051
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/civ_border_width = 0x7f0300aa
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_width = 0x7f0600f0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/spread_inside = 0x7f080192
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_text_size_title_material = 0x7f06004f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/itemShapeInsetBottom = 0x7f0301ce
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/autoSizeStepGranularity = 0x7f03003d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/peekHeight = 0x7f080151
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog = 0x7f1101a6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/materialAlertDialogTitlePanelStyle = 0x7f03023c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar = 0x7f06004e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/passwordToggleDrawable = 0x7f030295
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_text_size_menu_header_material = 0x7f06004a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_text_size_large_material = 0x7f060048
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Preference.SwitchPreferenceCompat.Material = 0x7f110113
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Preference.DialogPreference.EditTextPreference = 0x7f110104
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/graph = 0x7f0800d1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_width = 0x7f0600a7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/CollapsingToolbarLayout = 0x7f120021
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:animator/fragment_close_exit = 0x7f020004
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_text_size_display_4_material = 0x7f060046
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/chipIconTint = 0x7f030098
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_btn_z = 0x7f0600e5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset_extra_small = 0x7f060142
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tabUnboundedRipple = 0x7f03033b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material = 0x7f06000c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_btn_text_btn_ripple_color = 0x7f050097
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f110231
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/mtrl_picker_text_input_date = 0x7f0b005f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/skipCollapsed = 0x7f080185
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_text_size_body_2_material = 0x7f060040
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_star_medium = 0x7f06003c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_star_big = 0x7f06003b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material = 0x7f060039
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_max_velocity = 0x7f06009d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/motionProgress = 0x7f03026f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/avd_show_password = 0x7f070057
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/collapseContentDescription = 0x7f0300b9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material = 0x7f060038
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/values = 0x7f03039d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_search_view_preferred_height = 0x7f060036
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/flow_firstVerticalBias = 0x7f030170
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/preference_widget_switch_compat = 0x7f0b0076
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/iconStartPadding = 0x7f0301ad
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_card_corner_radius = 0x7f060112
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/backgroundTintMode = 0x7f03004a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/preferenceScreenStyle = 0x7f0302b1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/materialCalendarHeaderConfirmButton = 0x7f030244
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_on_primary_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f05007e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/materialClockStyle = 0x7f030251
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Clock = 0x7f1102e1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_bottom_fullscreen = 0x7f060106
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/preferenceCategoryTitleTextAppearance = 0x7f0302ac
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1101e1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/ViewPager2 = 0x7f120095
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/cardElevation = 0x7f03007f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_list_item_height_small_material = 0x7f060032
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_btn_bg_color_selector = 0x7f050093
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_action_button_min_width_material = 0x7f06000e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_list_item_height_large_material = 0x7f060030
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/browser_actions_title_color = 0x7f05002a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/chipStyle = 0x7f0300a3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/windowFixedWidthMajor = 0x7f0303ae
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_icon_tint = 0x7f050061
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f06002d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/navigationMode = 0x7f030279
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/abc_alert_dialog_title_material = 0x7f0b000a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f1101aa
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/defaultQueryHint = 0x7f030112
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu = 0x7f030354
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_icon_width = 0x7f060029
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/time = 0x7f0801c8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/material_timepicker_textinput_display = 0x7f0b0044
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f060027
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f110087
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_dialog_title_divider_material = 0x7f060026
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/logoutUser = 0x7f080102
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:animator/mtrl_card_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/mtrl_layout_snackbar_include = 0x7f0b0056
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/summary_collapsed_preference_list = 0x7f100089
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/primary_text_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f0500cf
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_action_button_min_height_material = 0x7f06000d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_start_padding = 0x7f060127
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/endIconTint = 0x7f030146
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_dialog_list_padding_top_no_title = 0x7f060021
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize.Bridge = 0x7f1101e6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/button_material_light = 0x7f05002c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_margin = 0x7f06015f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/material_helper_text_font_1_3_padding_horizontal = 0x7f0600b6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_action_bar_elevation_material = 0x7f060005
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_calendar_selected_range = 0x7f05009c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_config_prefDialogWidth = 0x7f060017
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_button_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f060014
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/shapeAppearanceLargeComponent = 0x7f0302dc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/customDimension = 0x7f030107
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_button_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f060012
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/preference_category_material = 0x7f0b0069
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/material_timepicker_container = 0x7f080112
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material = 0x7f06000b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_ratingbar_material = 0x7f07003a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/scroll = 0x7f08016b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material = 0x7f060006
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material = 0x7f060003
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/buttonGravity = 0x7f030075
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_height_material = 0x7f060002
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionBarTheme = 0x7f030009
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_action_bar_content_inset_material = 0x7f060000
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/editTextEmail = 0x7f0800b1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_1_3_padding_top = 0x7f0600b0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/white = 0x7f0500e6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/tooltip_background_light = 0x7f0500e5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:anim/abc_fade_in = 0x7f010000
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_fab_bg_color_selector = 0x7f0500a7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/paddingBottomNoButtons = 0x7f03028a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/tooltip_background_dark = 0x7f0500e4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_snackbar_max_width = 0x7f060085
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/textAppearanceBody2 = 0x7f030342
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/labelStyle = 0x7f0301de
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/primary_material_dark = 0x7f0500cb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_size = 0x7f06013e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/windowMinWidthMinor = 0x7f0303b1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/test_mtrl_calendar_day_selected = 0x7f0500e3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/browser_actions_context_menu_row = 0x7f0b0023
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/test_mtrl_calendar_day = 0x7f0500e2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_progress_indicator_full_rounded_corner_radius = 0x7f06014d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.PrimarySurface = 0x7f110287
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle = 0x7f030352
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/action_bar_root = 0x7f080033
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/secondary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f0500d9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/materialCalendarHeaderDivider = 0x7f030245
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/secondary_text_default_material_dark = 0x7f0500d8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_title_baseline_to_top_fullscreen = 0x7f06010a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/checkedIconSize = 0x7f03008d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/stretch = 0x7f08019f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/expandedTitleMarginStart = 0x7f03015b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/secondaryColor = 0x7f0500d4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_fab_icon_text_color_selector = 0x7f0500a8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/elevation = 0x7f03013d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/common_signin_button_text_long = 0x7f100035
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/SHIFT = 0x7f080007
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tickMarkTintMode = 0x7f03036e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/behavior_hideable = 0x7f030058
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/ripple_material_light = 0x7f0500d3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/Transition = 0x7f120091
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/primary_material_light = 0x7f0500cc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_disabled_translation_z = 0x7f06011f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display4 = 0x7f11001b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/constraintSetStart = 0x7f0300d9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintTop_creator = 0x7f03020a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/useSimpleSummaryProvider = 0x7f03039c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/colorSecondary = 0x7f0300d2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/enabled = 0x7f030141
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/hideOnScroll = 0x7f03019e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/maxAcceleration = 0x7f030255
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ImageButton = 0x7f1100b4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/snackbar_text = 0x7f080189
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f06012c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/primary_dark_material_light = 0x7f0500ca
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionModeShareDrawable = 0x7f03001a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/listSettings = 0x7f0800fe
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/primaryDarkColor = 0x7f0500c6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/action_bar_title = 0x7f080036
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/abc_menu_space_shortcut_label = 0x7f10000f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/dimensions = 0x7f08009c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/primaryColor = 0x7f0500c5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/SearchView = 0x7f120077
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_textinput_hovered_box_stroke_color = 0x7f0500c1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070026
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/icon_only = 0x7f0800df
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/maxLines = 0x7f03025b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_textinput_focused_box_stroke_color = 0x7f0500c0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/chipStrokeWidth = 0x7f0300a2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/materialAlertDialogTitleTextStyle = 0x7f03023d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/counterEnabled = 0x7f0300fb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_textinput_filled_box_default_background_color = 0x7f0500bf
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/select_dialog_item_material = 0x7f0b0077
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_dark_default_color_primary_variant = 0x7f050048
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_tabs_ripple_color = 0x7f0500bb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/PreferenceThemeOverlay.v14.Material = 0x7f11011c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_tabs_colored_ripple_color = 0x7f0500b7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/suffixText = 0x7f030312
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:animator/mtrl_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f020017
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_base = 0x7f06012a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection = 0x7f1102b9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_popupmenu_overlay_color = 0x7f0500b5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/menu = 0x7f03025f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_navigation_item_text_color = 0x7f0500b0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/appBarLayoutStyle = 0x7f030033
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/font = 0x7f030181
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_indicator_text_color = 0x7f0500ad
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/always = 0x7f08004c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/preferenceFragmentCompatStyle = 0x7f0302ad
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_error = 0x7f0500a6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_fab_size_normal = 0x7f060075
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/staticLayout = 0x7f08019c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/abc_btn_colored_text_material = 0x7f050003
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/searchViewStyle = 0x7f0302d2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_filled_stroke_color = 0x7f0500ac
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/mock_showDiagonals = 0x7f03026a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_fab_ripple_color = 0x7f0500a9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintTop_toTopOf = 0x7f03020c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_goneMarginStart = 0x7f03021b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_chip_surface_color = 0x7f0500a1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_chip_close_icon_tint = 0x7f0500a0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/standard = 0x7f080197
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_card_view_foreground = 0x7f05009d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f11020d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/titleDividerNoCustom = 0x7f0801ca
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:bool/mtrl_btn_textappearance_all_caps = 0x7f040003
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/Chip = 0x7f12001b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_bottom_nav_ripple_color = 0x7f050092
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tabTextColor = 0x7f03033a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/material_timepicker_text_input_mode_description = 0x7f100056
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.AppCompat.Empty = 0x7f1101af
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/textTop = 0x7f0801bb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_on_primary_text_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f0500b1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/SHOW_PATH = 0x7f080009
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_bottom_nav_item_tint = 0x7f050091
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/radiobutton_themeable_attribute_color = 0x7f0500d1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/allowDividerAbove = 0x7f03002a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/material_clock_hand = 0x7f080107
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/design_layout_tab_text = 0x7f0b002b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_default_color_secondary_variant = 0x7f050057
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_bottom_nav_colored_ripple_color = 0x7f050090
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f110060
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_vertical_offset = 0x7f06011a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_timepicker_clock_text_color = 0x7f05008c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/textAppearanceSubtitle2 = 0x7f030356
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_slider_thumb_color = 0x7f050089
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_scrollInterpolator = 0x7f030221
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionBarPopupTheme = 0x7f030002
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_on_background_emphasis_medium = 0x7f05007c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_on_background_disabled = 0x7f05007a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ContextMenu = 0x7f1102c6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_badge_toolbar_action_menu_item_vertical_offset = 0x7f0600c7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material = 0x7f060008
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_light = 0x7f060097
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/checkedIcon = 0x7f03008a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/mock_labelColor = 0x7f030269
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_blue_grey_900 = 0x7f05006e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/mtrl_calendar_year = 0x7f0b0054
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/drawableEndCompat = 0x7f03012c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/search_mag_icon = 0x7f080176
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/design_bottom_sheet_dialog = 0x7f0b0027
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/highlighted_text_material_dark = 0x7f05006b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_error = 0x7f050059
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_1_3_padding_bottom = 0x7f0600af
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/material_minute_text_input = 0x7f08010e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_textinput_end_icon_margin_start = 0x7f060169
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/foreground_material_dark = 0x7f050069
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_btn_letter_spacing = 0x7f0600d9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/notification_action_icon_size = 0x7f060173
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/boxStrokeColor = 0x7f03006a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_height_major = 0x7f06001c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/dim_foreground_material_light = 0x7f050066
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/material_timepicker_clock_mode_description = 0x7f100051
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_item_min_width = 0x7f060063
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/flow_horizontalStyle = 0x7f030175
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/cornerFamilyTopLeft = 0x7f0300f3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintWidth_max = 0x7f030211
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_fab_shadow_start_color = 0x7f05005c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/notification_action_text_size = 0x7f060174
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_min_touch_target_size = 0x7f06013a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/primary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f0500ce
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_btn_snackbar_margin_horizontal = 0x7f0600df
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_ic_go_search_api_material = 0x7f070020
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_default_color_secondary = 0x7f050056
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Caption = 0x7f110192
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/contentInsetEndWithActions = 0x7f0300e0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_default_color_primary_dark = 0x7f050054
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_snackbar_background_color = 0x7f050062
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/clip_horizontal = 0x7f080077
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tickMark = 0x7f03036c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/drawableTint = 0x7f030131
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/scrollView = 0x7f08016e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_snackbar_background_corner_radius = 0x7f060082
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f1100c0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_default_color_on_surface = 0x7f050052
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/textAppearanceHeadline2 = 0x7f030346
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/dim_foreground_disabled_material_light = 0x7f050064
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/abc_menu_delete_shortcut_label = 0x7f10000a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/material_emphasis_medium = 0x7f0600ae
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_default_color_on_primary = 0x7f050050
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingRight = 0x7f030235
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f110191
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/Badge = 0x7f120013
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_tab_indicator_material = 0x7f07004a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title = 0x7f110172
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/yearSelectedStyle = 0x7f0303b3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_dark_default_color_surface = 0x7f05004b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/statusBarBackground = 0x7f030307
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/hintAnimationEnabled = 0x7f03019f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_dark_default_color_primary = 0x7f050046
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/abc_capital_off = 0x7f100006
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/spacer = 0x7f08018c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_dark_default_color_on_primary = 0x7f050043
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/behavior_overlapTop = 0x7f030059
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/common_signin_button_text = 0x7f100034
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_focused = 0x7f05003a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_slider_thumb_elevation = 0x7f060156
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/materialCalendarHeaderToggleButton = 0x7f030249
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/tooltip_y_offset_touch = 0x7f06018f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/checkedIconVisible = 0x7f03008f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/statusBarForeground = 0x7f030308
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_default = 0x7f050038
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/material_clock_toggle_content_description = 0x7f100049
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintTop_toBottomOf = 0x7f03020b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_focused = 0x7f050035
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/StateListDrawableItem = 0x7f120082
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f110073
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/jumpToStart = 0x7f0800ec
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionTextColorAlpha = 0x7f030022
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/cardview_shadow_start_color = 0x7f050030
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tickColorActive = 0x7f03036a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark = 0x7f070033
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f110225
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/disableScroll = 0x7f0800a0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/button_material_dark = 0x7f05002b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_timepicker_button_background = 0x7f05008a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/browser_actions_text_color = 0x7f050029
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/MaterialRadioButton = 0x7f120055
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Primary = 0x7f110279
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/drawPath = 0x7f03012a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/bright_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f050025
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/preserveIconSpacing = 0x7f0302b7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_control_inset_material = 0x7f060019
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/PreferenceFragmentList = 0x7f110117
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f050021
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar = 0x7f110234
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/transition_current_scene = 0x7f0801d2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:animator/design_appbar_state_list_animator = 0x7f020000
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_today_stroke = 0x7f0600ee
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/material_cursor_drawable = 0x7f07008e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/primaryTextColor = 0x7f0500c8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TestStyleWithLineHeightAppearance = 0x7f110149
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f1100d3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/background_material_light = 0x7f050020
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/background_material_dark = 0x7f05001f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_text_size_medium_material = 0x7f060049
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/background_floating_material_dark = 0x7f05001d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/accent_material_dark = 0x7f050019
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/abc_secondary_text_material_dark = 0x7f050011
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_default_color_on_error = 0x7f05004f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/abc_search_url_text_pressed = 0x7f05000f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark = 0x7f050009
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/tooltip_frame_dark = 0x7f0700b1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/titleMargin = 0x7f030374
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/abc_hint_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f050007
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_height = 0x7f0600ce
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/compat_button_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f060059
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.Design.NoActionBar = 0x7f1101bd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/fastscroll_margin = 0x7f060093
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/checkboxStyle = 0x7f030087
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/abc_color_highlight_material = 0x7f050004
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/abc_btn_colored_borderless_text_material = 0x7f050002
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/ConstraintLayout_Layout = 0x7f120026
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/material_label = 0x7f08010d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/line1 = 0x7f0800f4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_navigation_item_background_color = 0x7f0500ae
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/editDoneButton = 0x7f0800ac
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/drawableLeftCompat = 0x7f03012d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:bool/config_materialPreferenceIconSpaceReserved = 0x7f040002
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_top = 0x7f0600bf
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Caption = 0x7f110017
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/mtrl_picker_header_toggle = 0x7f0b005e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar = 0x7f1102e6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_slider_active_tick_marks_color = 0x7f050084
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_tint = 0x7f0500af
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tabIconTintMode = 0x7f030325
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/ActionBar = 0x7f120000
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/windowNoTitle = 0x7f0303b2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/placeholderTextAppearance = 0x7f0302a3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/search_go_btn = 0x7f080175
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintGuide_percent = 0x7f0301f9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/text_view_with_theme_line_height = 0x7f0b0087
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/contentInsetStart = 0x7f0300e3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/animate_relativeTo = 0x7f030031
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/windowMinWidthMajor = 0x7f0303b0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/windowFixedWidthMinor = 0x7f0303af
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintLeft_toLeftOf = 0x7f030202
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/minSeparation = 0x7f030263
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f11016e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/rectangles = 0x7f08015c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/abc_tint_spinner = 0x7f050017
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/chipStrokeColor = 0x7f0300a1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/fontProviderSystemFontFamily = 0x7f030189
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/state_collapsible = 0x7f030303
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/voiceIcon = 0x7f0303a1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_height_fullscreen = 0x7f0600f7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/saturation = 0x7f0302cb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/perpendicularPath_percent = 0x7f03029f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/verticalOffset = 0x7f03039e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Inverse = 0x7f110039
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/selection_type = 0x7f08017e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Button = 0x7f1102e0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/guideline = 0x7f0800d6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f06012b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/mtrl_calendar_month_labeled = 0x7f0b0050
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_disabled = 0x7f070065
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/useMaterialThemeColors = 0x7f03039b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/materialCalendarDay = 0x7f030241
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/fragment = 0x7f03018e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/triggerSlack = 0x7f030397
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_action_padding = 0x7f0600e8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/triggerId = 0x7f030395
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/trackTint = 0x7f03038e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/motion_base = 0x7f080121
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accessibility_custom_action_24 = 0x7f080021
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/itemFillColor = 0x7f0301c2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/touchAnchorSide = 0x7f030385
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/motion_triggerOnCollision = 0x7f030273
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/icon_frame = 0x7f0800dd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small.Inverse = 0x7f110165
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/dialogTitle = 0x7f030120
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/touchAnchorId = 0x7f030384
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/fabCradleMargin = 0x7f030162
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size_extra_small = 0x7f060147
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_deep_teal_200 = 0x7f050071
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tooltipFrameBackground = 0x7f030381
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.Design.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1101b9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_control_corner_material = 0x7f060018
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_text_cursor_material = 0x7f07004c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tooltipForegroundColor = 0x7f030380
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/toolbarNavigationButtonStyle = 0x7f03037e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/preferenceStyle = 0x7f0302b2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/listPreferredItemHeightLarge = 0x7f030231
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f060077
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/wavePeriod = 0x7f0303a5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/thumbTint = 0x7f030367
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/crossfade = 0x7f030101
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/toolbarId = 0x7f03037d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f1101cd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/path_percent = 0x7f03029a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/titleTextAppearance = 0x7f03037a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f11017a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/text_input_start_icon = 0x7f0801c1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accessibility_custom_action_31 = 0x7f080029
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/scrimAnimationDuration = 0x7f0302cd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/visibilityMode = 0x7f0303a0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/titleMargins = 0x7f030379
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f1101e7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f060130
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/endToStart = 0x7f0800bc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/titleMarginTop = 0x7f030378
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/progressBarPadding = 0x7f0302b9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/abc_activity_chooser_view = 0x7f0b0006
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/titleMarginStart = 0x7f030377
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/titleMarginBottom = 0x7f030375
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/titleEnabled = 0x7f030373
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tickColorInactive = 0x7f03036b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_navigation_elevation = 0x7f060078
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_disabled = 0x7f050034
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/thumbTintMode = 0x7f030368
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:menu/options_menu = 0x7f0c0000
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/thumbTextPadding = 0x7f030366
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_fab_image_size = 0x7f060073
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.InternalGroup = 0x7f110121
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_dialog_min_width_major = 0x7f060022
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/contentPaddingRight = 0x7f0300e9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/thumbStrokeWidth = 0x7f030365
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/itemMaxLines = 0x7f0301c8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutStyle = 0x7f0300be
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/v7_preference_off = 0x7f10008a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/save_overlay_view = 0x7f080167
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/autoComplete = 0x7f080052
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/fabCradleVerticalOffset = 0x7f030164
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/preference_fallback_accent_color = 0x7f0500c4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/placeholderText = 0x7f0302a2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_default_color_on_secondary = 0x7f050051
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f110032
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead.Inverse = 0x7f11002b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_title_baseline_to_top = 0x7f060109
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/percentX = 0x7f03029d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/showText = 0x7f0302e8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tabSelectedTextColor = 0x7f030337
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_default = 0x7f050033
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f110163
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f12004c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/mock_showLabel = 0x7f03026b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/key = 0x7f0301d9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/thumbColor = 0x7f030361
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f110206
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/textLocale = 0x7f03035c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_editor_absoluteY = 0x7f030216
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/textColorSearchUrl = 0x7f030358
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/textColorAlertDialogListItem = 0x7f030357
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/materialButtonToggleGroupStyle = 0x7f030240
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/buttonCreateUser = 0x7f080061
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/decreaseGoalButton = 0x7f080091
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_alert_dialog_button_dimen = 0x7f060011
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/textAppearanceListItemSecondary = 0x7f03034e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_fab_stroke_end_inner_color = 0x7f05005d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/preference_material = 0x7f0b0070
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/textAppearanceListItem = 0x7f03034d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_min_width = 0x7f060126
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/expandedTitleMarginBottom = 0x7f030159
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/textAppearanceLineHeightEnabled = 0x7f03034c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f1102a4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/ButtonBarLayout = 0x7f120018
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/mtrl_picker_header = 0x7f080130
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/textAppearanceLargePopupMenu = 0x7f03034b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:integer/mtrl_badge_max_character_count = 0x7f09000a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/state_above_anchor = 0x7f030301
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/textAppearanceHeadline5 = 0x7f030349
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f110280
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/thickness = 0x7f030360
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/textAppearanceHeadline3 = 0x7f030347
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/telltales_velocityMode = 0x7f03033f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/PropertySet = 0x7f120070
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/AndroidThemeColorAccentYellow = 0x7f110002
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/shrinkMotionSpec = 0x7f0302ea
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tabStyle = 0x7f030338
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_large_touch_target = 0x7f060135
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/state_dragged = 0x7f030304
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/common_google_play_services_install_button = 0x7f100027
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_focused = 0x7f070067
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tabPaddingBottom = 0x7f030332
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tabMode = 0x7f030330
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/startIconTint = 0x7f0302ff
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_month_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0600fe
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/materialCalendarYearNavigationButton = 0x7f03024e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tabIndicatorAnimationMode = 0x7f030328
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl = 0x7f070058
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1102d4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tabIconTint = 0x7f030324
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/errorTextAppearance = 0x7f030152
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/design_password_eye = 0x7f070077
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/enableCopying = 0x7f030140
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/txtError = 0x7f0801d8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/roundPercent = 0x7f0302ca
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_snackbar_extra_spacing_horizontal = 0x7f060084
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/dropDownListViewStyle = 0x7f030135
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/material_ic_edit_black_24dp = 0x7f070091
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/mtrl_child_content_container = 0x7f08012c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:animator/linear_indeterminate_line1_head_interpolator = 0x7f020009
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tabBackground = 0x7f030321
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/switchTextOn = 0x7f030320
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/switchTextOff = 0x7f03031f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_list_item_height_material = 0x7f060031
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Platform.AppCompat = 0x7f1100f0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accessibility_action_clickable_span = 0x7f08000f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_state_list_animator = 0x7f020015
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionBarSplitStyle = 0x7f030004
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range_start_hint = 0x7f100072
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_on_primary_disabled = 0x7f05007d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/hint_pressed_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f06009a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/colorControlHighlight = 0x7f0300c4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/ViewStubCompat = 0x7f120096
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/switchPadding = 0x7f03031a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/test_action_chip = 0x7f0b007b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/switchMinWidth = 0x7f030319
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintRight_toLeftOf = 0x7f030205
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/MaterialCalendar = 0x7f120051
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:xml/standalone_badge = 0x7f130000
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_grey_850 = 0x7f050078
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/overlapAnchor = 0x7f030288
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/summaryOn = 0x7f030318
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.Underlined = 0x7f1100cf
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/stackFromEnd = 0x7f0302fa
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/suggestionRowLayout = 0x7f030315
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/forever = 0x7f0800cb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/suffixTextAppearance = 0x7f030313
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/CoordinatorLayout = 0x7f120029
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/subtitleTextStyle = 0x7f030311
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/closeIconEndPadding = 0x7f0300b3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Inverse = 0x7f110158
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/abc_expanded_menu_layout = 0x7f0b000d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/subtitleTextColor = 0x7f030310
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/preference_dropdown_material = 0x7f0b006c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/entries = 0x7f03014b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/switchPreferenceCompatStyle = 0x7f03031b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/flow_lastVerticalBias = 0x7f030178
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/indicatorDirectionLinear = 0x7f0301b8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/abc_tint_switch_track = 0x7f050018
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/subtitle = 0x7f03030e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/strokeWidth = 0x7f03030b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/colorOnSurface = 0x7f0300cc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_slider_track_top = 0x7f06015a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/material_clock_hand_padding = 0x7f0600a2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/iconSize = 0x7f0301ab
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/textAppearanceOverline = 0x7f030350
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/submenuarrow = 0x7f0801a0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/invisible = 0x7f0800e7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/state_liftable = 0x7f030305
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/startIconTintMode = 0x7f030300
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tintMode = 0x7f030371
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/allowStacking = 0x7f03002d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/startIconCheckable = 0x7f0302fc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/abc_search_view = 0x7f0b0019
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_divider_thickness = 0x7f0600f5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year.Selected = 0x7f1102c1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/clockFaceBackgroundColor = 0x7f0300ad
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f060096
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/sizePercent = 0x7f0302ef
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/app_name = 0x7f10001b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/accent_material_light = 0x7f05001a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/singleChoiceItemLayout = 0x7f0302eb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_dot_group_animation = 0x7f010015
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_background_corner_radius = 0x7f06015d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_horizontal_padding = 0x7f06010d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/showMotionSpec = 0x7f0302e5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintWidth_percent = 0x7f030213
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/showDelay = 0x7f0302e3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f110062
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/shouldDisableView = 0x7f0302e0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/paddingRightSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f03028e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f06013d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/spinner = 0x7f08018e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/notification_large_icon_width = 0x7f060178
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/flow_verticalStyle = 0x7f03017f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_picker_a11y_prev_month = 0x7f10005c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_top_material = 0x7f06002e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f11021b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/colorOnSecondary = 0x7f0300cb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/action_menu_done = 0x7f08003c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tabIndicatorHeight = 0x7f03032c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/shapeAppearanceMediumComponent = 0x7f0302dd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/dialogPreferenceStyle = 0x7f03011d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1100a4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_light = 0x7f050037
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Window.Fullscreen = 0x7f11013e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/textAppearanceSearchResultTitle = 0x7f030353
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/selectorSize = 0x7f0302da
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/MockView = 0x7f12005e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/preference_information_material = 0x7f0b006e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1102dc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/CircularProgressIndicator = 0x7f12001e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/textInputStyle = 0x7f03035b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:animator/mtrl_chip_state_list_anim = 0x7f020010
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/selectableItemBackgroundBorderless = 0x7f0302d8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/waveShape = 0x7f0303a6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/selectableItemBackground = 0x7f0302d7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Menu = 0x7f11016b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:interpolator/mtrl_linear = 0x7f0a0009
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/seekBarIncrement = 0x7f0302d3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/horizontalOffset = 0x7f0301a5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/textStart = 0x7f0801ba
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/searchHintIcon = 0x7f0302d0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/gone = 0x7f0800d0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/action_container = 0x7f080037
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/scrimVisibleHeightTrigger = 0x7f0302cf
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/scopeUris = 0x7f0302cc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/textWatcher = 0x7f0801be
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1102d9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_month_vertical_padding = 0x7f0600ff
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_baseline_to_top_fullscreen = 0x7f060104
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1102db
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/material_cursor_inset_top = 0x7f0600aa
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionOverflowMenuStyle = 0x7f030020
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/isLightTheme = 0x7f0301be
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/test_radiobutton_android_button_tint = 0x7f0801b3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_action_confirm_button_min_width = 0x7f0600e6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/abc_hint_foreground_material_light = 0x7f050008
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/indicatorColor = 0x7f0301b6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/buttonStyleSmall = 0x7f03007a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/chipStartPadding = 0x7f0300a0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f11004d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/windowActionBarOverlay = 0x7f0303aa
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/percentY = 0x7f03029e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/region_widthMoreThan = 0x7f0302c6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:animator/fragment_fade_exit = 0x7f020006
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/region_widthLessThan = 0x7f0302c5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/materialCardViewStyle = 0x7f03024f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/elevationOverlayColor = 0x7f03013e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionModeWebSearchDrawable = 0x7f03001e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/contentPaddingTop = 0x7f0300eb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/recyclerViewStyle = 0x7f0302c2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/prefixTextAppearance = 0x7f0302b5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_default_color_background = 0x7f05004c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/ratingBarStyle = 0x7f0302bf
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/fabCradleRoundedCornerRadius = 0x7f030163
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/dialogCornerRadius = 0x7f030119
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/currentState = 0x7f030102
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/material_clock_display = 0x7f0b0038
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/radioButtonStyle = 0x7f0302bd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_landscape_header_width = 0x7f0600fc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.Support.CoordinatorLayout = 0x7f1102eb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_dark_default_color_secondary = 0x7f050049
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/flow_lastHorizontalBias = 0x7f030176
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/$ic_launcher_foreground__0 = 0x7f070006
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/boxCollapsedPaddingTop = 0x7f030065
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/contentPaddingLeft = 0x7f0300e8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f110067
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_vertical_padding = 0x7f06011b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/pressedTranslationZ = 0x7f0302b8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/triggerReceiver = 0x7f030396
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar = 0x7f1100c7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintVertical_bias = 0x7f03020d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/trackThickness = 0x7f03038d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/closeIconStartPadding = 0x7f0300b5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000 = 0x7f07003d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:animator/fragment_open_enter = 0x7f020007
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/elevationOverlayEnabled = 0x7f03013f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/prefixTextColor = 0x7f0302b6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Indicator = 0x7f1100c8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator = 0x7f1102a0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/src_over = 0x7f080196
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/prefixText = 0x7f0302b4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_card_checked_icon_size = 0x7f060111
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/notification_action = 0x7f0b0061
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/onPositiveCross = 0x7f030283
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/homeLayout = 0x7f0301a4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/preference_widget_checkbox = 0x7f0b0072
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/preferenceFragmentListStyle = 0x7f0302ae
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_panel_menu_list_width = 0x7f060034
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_height = 0x7f0600a5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/flow_horizontalAlign = 0x7f030172
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/helperText = 0x7f030197
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/queryBackground = 0x7f0302bb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/contrast = 0x7f0300ed
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/material_hour_tv = 0x7f08010c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/panelMenuListTheme = 0x7f030292
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/preferenceCategoryStyle = 0x7f0302ab
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_hovered_alpha = 0x7f060138
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/sliderStyle = 0x7f0302f0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/positiveButtonText = 0x7f0302aa
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/checkbox_themeable_attribute_color = 0x7f050031
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/popupMenuStyle = 0x7f0302a7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/preference_recyclerview = 0x7f0b0071
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/placeholder_emptyVisibility = 0x7f0302a5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/contentPaddingBottom = 0x7f0300e6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/iconPadding = 0x7f0301aa
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/material_clock_display_padding = 0x7f06009f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/popupWindowStyle = 0x7f0302a9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/placeholderTextColor = 0x7f0302a4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1101f8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionBarItemBackground = 0x7f030001
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_collapseMode = 0x7f0301e8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/behavior_peekHeight = 0x7f03005a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/cardMaxElevation = 0x7f030081
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_cursor_color = 0x7f050070
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/constraint_referenced_tags = 0x7f0300db
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/abc_tint_default = 0x7f050014
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/persistent = 0x7f0302a0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/passwordToggleTintMode = 0x7f030298
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f11009b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.DropDown.ActionBar = 0x7f110266
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_extra_small = 0x7f06014a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/civ_border_overlay = 0x7f0300a9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_btn_text_btn_bg_color_selector = 0x7f050096
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_top_padding = 0x7f060129
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/buttonTintMode = 0x7f03007c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionBarSize = 0x7f030003
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/panelMenuListWidth = 0x7f030293
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_elevation = 0x7f06006e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/sin = 0x7f080184
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/paddingStart = 0x7f03028f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f110224
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large.Inverse = 0x7f11015a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Item = 0x7f1102bd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_fab_elevation = 0x7f060072
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_slider_inactive_track_color = 0x7f050088
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/waveDecay = 0x7f0303a3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/behavior_saveFlags = 0x7f03005b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/mock_label = 0x7f030267
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/CardView = 0x7f120019
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/withText = 0x7f0801e8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_btn_text_color_disabled = 0x7f050098
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_fab_size_mini = 0x7f060074
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/seekbar = 0x7f08017a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_bottom = 0x7f0600bc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/order = 0x7f030286
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/onNegativeCross = 0x7f030282
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/onCross = 0x7f030280
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/labelGroup = 0x7f0800ed
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintStart_toEndOf = 0x7f030207
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_choice_chip_text_color = 0x7f0500a5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/haloRadius = 0x7f030194
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accessibility_custom_action_4 = 0x7f08002a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/mtrl_calendar_days_of_week = 0x7f080124
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.Design.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f110271
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/negativeButtonText = 0x7f03027b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/adjustable = 0x7f030025
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/mtrl_calendar_month = 0x7f0b004f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/navigationViewStyle = 0x7f03027a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:anim/design_bottom_sheet_slide_out = 0x7f010019
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_timepicker_clockface = 0x7f05008d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_optimizationLevel = 0x7f03021f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/unchecked = 0x7f0801d9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/trackHeight = 0x7f03038c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/abc_toolbar_collapse_description = 0x7f10001a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/fontFamily = 0x7f030182
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/switch_thumb_normal_material_dark = 0x7f0500e0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/paddingEnd = 0x7f03028c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/fab_transformation_scrim_behavior = 0x7f10003d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/navigationContentDescription = 0x7f030276
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/material_cursor_width = 0x7f0600ab
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Slider = 0x7f1100dd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle2 = 0x7f11019c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_fab_stroke_top_inner_color = 0x7f05005f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_format_example = 0x7f100065
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/itemStrokeWidth = 0x7f0301d4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/startIconDrawable = 0x7f0302fe
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/common_google_play_services_enable_button = 0x7f100024
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/motion_postLayoutCollision = 0x7f030272
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/fastScrollVerticalThumbDrawable = 0x7f03016a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/motionTarget = 0x7f030271
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:integer/hide_password_duration = 0x7f090009
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/motionStagger = 0x7f030270
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/motionPathRotate = 0x7f03026e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/top = 0x7f0801cd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/materialTimePickerTheme = 0x7f030254
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/counterMaxLength = 0x7f0300fc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f12002d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/path = 0x7f08014f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/spinnerDropDownItemStyle = 0x7f0302f6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/colorOnPrimarySurface = 0x7f0300ca
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:anim/design_snackbar_out = 0x7f01001b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/materialCalendarTheme = 0x7f03024d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/materialCalendarMonthNavigationButton = 0x7f03024b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/textAppearanceListItemSmall = 0x7f03034f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/cornerRadius = 0x7f0300f5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/materialCalendarHeaderTitle = 0x7f030248
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/materialCalendarHeaderLayout = 0x7f030246
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionModePasteDrawable = 0x7f030017
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/preferenceInformationStyle = 0x7f0302b0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Header.Text = 0x7f110214
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/mock_labelBackgroundColor = 0x7f030268
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/materialButtonStyle = 0x7f03023f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/singleLine = 0x7f0302ec
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/materialButtonOutlinedStyle = 0x7f03023e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/fontVariationSettings = 0x7f03018b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000 = 0x7f070012
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_btn_elevation = 0x7f0600d3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TestThemeWithLineHeightDisabled = 0x7f11014d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/alertDialogCenterButtons = 0x7f030027
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/imageAspectRatio = 0x7f0301b1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/logo = 0x7f030237
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_bottom_navigation_shadow_color = 0x7f05003d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/listPreferredItemHeightSmall = 0x7f030232
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/itemRippleColor = 0x7f0301ca
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/listItemLayout = 0x7f03022c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/chipEndPadding = 0x7f030093
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/listChoiceIndicatorMultipleAnimated = 0x7f030229
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_fab_min_touch_target = 0x7f06012e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/chipIconEnabled = 0x7f030096
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/shapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f0302de
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/nestedScrollFlags = 0x7f03027c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/customStringValue = 0x7f03010c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_vertical = 0x7f060088
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/circularProgressIndicatorStyle = 0x7f0300a7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accessibility_custom_action_19 = 0x7f08001b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f06007b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.Design.CollapsingToolbar.Expanded = 0x7f110183
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/chipSurfaceColor = 0x7f0300a4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_goneMarginLeft = 0x7f030219
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_goneMarginBottom = 0x7f030217
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_dark_default_color_secondary_variant = 0x7f05004a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Filter = 0x7f11029e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintVertical_weight = 0x7f03020f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintVertical_chainStyle = 0x7f03020e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tabTextAppearance = 0x7f030339
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Spinner = 0x7f110216
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/endIconCheckable = 0x7f030142
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/minHideDelay = 0x7f030262
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tickVisible = 0x7f03036f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/action_divider = 0x7f080039
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintHeight_max = 0x7f0301fb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f1100ce
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintEnd_toStartOf = 0x7f0301f6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/buttonCompat = 0x7f030074
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/mtrl_picker_title_text = 0x7f080137
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/dayStyle = 0x7f03010f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f110235
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/theme = 0x7f03035e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintCircleRadius = 0x7f0301f3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f050063
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/disjoint = 0x7f0800a1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/materialAlertDialogTitleIconStyle = 0x7f03023b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/moveWhenScrollAtTop = 0x7f030274
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/hoveredFocusedTranslationZ = 0x7f0301a6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintCircle = 0x7f0301f1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintCircleAngle = 0x7f0301f2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/textinput_prefix_text = 0x7f0801c6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintBottom_creator = 0x7f0301ee
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/itemShapeFillColor = 0x7f0301cd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070007
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f11009c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/orderingFromXml = 0x7f030287
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/switch_thumb_material_dark = 0x7f0500de
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_slider_active_track_color = 0x7f050085
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout = 0x7f120030
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f11009d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/labelBehavior = 0x7f0301dd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/title = 0x7f030372
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/keylines = 0x7f0301dc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintRight_creator = 0x7f030204
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_behavior = 0x7f0301e7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Snackbar = 0x7f110296
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/mtrl_alert_select_dialog_singlechoice = 0x7f0b004a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/keyboardIcon = 0x7f0301db
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/tooltip_y_offset_non_touch = 0x7f06018e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/keyPositionType = 0x7f0301da
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/behavior_draggable = 0x7f030054
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/hintEnabled = 0x7f0301a0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/motionDebug = 0x7f03026c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_card_view_ripple = 0x7f05009e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_dark_default_color_on_error = 0x7f050042
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/boxCornerRadiusTopEnd = 0x7f030068
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/itemTextAppearanceInactive = 0x7f0301d7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/itemTextAppearance = 0x7f0301d5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingLeft = 0x7f030234
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar = 0x7f11023d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/itemShapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f0301cc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/itemPadding = 0x7f0301c9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_text_size_display_3_material = 0x7f060045
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_rounded_corner_radius = 0x7f0600cc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/itemHorizontalPadding = 0x7f0301c3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/colorAccent = 0x7f0300c0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_outlined_icon_tint = 0x7f0500b3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_content_padding = 0x7f0600ea
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_on_surface_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f050081
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/editTextStyle = 0x7f03013c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f1100a3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/clickAction = 0x7f0300ac
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionModeCutDrawable = 0x7f030015
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Icon.CenterStacked = 0x7f1100eb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/fabCustomSize = 0x7f030165
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/showTitle = 0x7f0302e9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.ActionBar = 0x7f1100cb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/collapsedTitleTextAppearance = 0x7f0300bd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/mtrl_calendar_frame = 0x7f080125
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_card_spacing = 0x7f060115
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f1100a1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/hideMotionSpec = 0x7f03019c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/enforceMaterialTheme = 0x7f030148
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintLeft_creator = 0x7f030201
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/overlay = 0x7f030289
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/materialCalendarHeaderCancelButton = 0x7f030243
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/fontProviderCerts = 0x7f030184
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/yearStyle = 0x7f0303b4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/helperTextTextColor = 0x7f03019a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/customFloatValue = 0x7f030108
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/circleCrop = 0x7f0300a5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light = 0x7f05000a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/gestureInsetBottomIgnored = 0x7f030191
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/transitionFlags = 0x7f030392
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V26.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f11008d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.MonthTextView = 0x7f1102bf
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/viewInflaterClass = 0x7f03039f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/gapBetweenBars = 0x7f030190
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/maxActionInlineWidth = 0x7f030256
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.MagIcon = 0x7f11012b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:anim/abc_slide_out_top = 0x7f010009
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1100f8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/preferenceFragmentStyle = 0x7f0302af
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_slider_halo_color = 0x7f050086
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title.Inverse = 0x7f110033
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/foregroundInsidePadding = 0x7f03018d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f11006d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/text = 0x7f0801b5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/abc_primary_text_material_light = 0x7f05000c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/fontProviderQuery = 0x7f030188
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_chainStyle = 0x7f0301ff
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/alphabeticModifiers = 0x7f03002f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Colored = 0x7f110176
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/fontProviderPackage = 0x7f030187
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/browser_actions_menu_items = 0x7f08005f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/fontProviderFetchTimeout = 0x7f030186
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f1101f4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tabIndicatorFullWidth = 0x7f03032a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_progress_bar_height_material = 0x7f060035
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/liftOnScrollTargetViewId = 0x7f030223
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f110256
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/allowDividerBelow = 0x7f03002c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/secondary_text_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f0500da
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/materialAlertDialogBodyTextStyle = 0x7f030239
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/chipIconSize = 0x7f030097
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/AppBarLayout = 0x7f12000a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_keyline = 0x7f03021e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar = 0x7f110285
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/imageAspectRatioAdjust = 0x7f0301b2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/widgetLayout = 0x7f0303a8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_min_height = 0x7f060125
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/flow_verticalGap = 0x7f03017e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/adjust_width = 0x7f080048
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog = 0x7f1101c7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/queryHint = 0x7f0302bc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accessibility_custom_action_23 = 0x7f080020
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/flow_verticalBias = 0x7f03017d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/singleSelection = 0x7f0302ee
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/flow_horizontalBias = 0x7f030173
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/material_time_chip = 0x7f0b0040
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/flow_verticalAlign = 0x7f03017c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/defaultDuration = 0x7f030111
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.DropDown = 0x7f110265
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/shapeAppearance = 0x7f0302db
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionMode = 0x7f11022b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TestStyleWithLineHeight = 0x7f110148
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tabIndicator = 0x7f030326
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText = 0x7f110219
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/contentScrim = 0x7f0300ec
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/ratingBarStyleIndicator = 0x7f0302c0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_on_surface_stroke = 0x7f050083
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Small = 0x7f110233
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_top = 0x7f0600dd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_width_major = 0x7f06001e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f110094
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_btn_radio_material_anim = 0x7f070011
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/selectable = 0x7f0302d6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.Design.Snackbar = 0x7f110275
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f110049
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/secondaryDarkColor = 0x7f0500d5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/subMenuArrow = 0x7f03030c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f11022e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/mtrl_picker_text_input_range_start = 0x7f080136
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_icon_padding = 0x7f0600e1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/abc_tint_edittext = 0x7f050015
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/showSeekBarValue = 0x7f0302e7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/firstBaselineToTopHeight = 0x7f03016c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title.Inverse = 0x7f11016f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_only_end_selected = 0x7f10006a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/fastScrollVerticalTrackDrawable = 0x7f03016b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Switch = 0x7f11003e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_badge_toolbar_action_menu_item_horizontal_offset = 0x7f0600c6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/listMenuViewStyle = 0x7f03022e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/srcCompat = 0x7f0302f9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/navigationIconTint = 0x7f030278
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/fabAlignmentMode = 0x7f030160
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f110070
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/character_counter_pattern = 0x7f100021
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:anim/abc_fade_out = 0x7f010001
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_dark_default_color_background = 0x7f05003f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/extendMotionSpec = 0x7f03015e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_navigation_height = 0x7f060101
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/cardview_light_background = 0x7f05002e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f110085
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/textAppearanceButton = 0x7f030343
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_filled_background_color = 0x7f0500aa
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_btn_stroke_color_selector = 0x7f050095
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/clockHandColor = 0x7f0300ae
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Time = 0x7f110181
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/expandedTitleGravity = 0x7f030157
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/endIconMode = 0x7f030145
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/expanded = 0x7f030155
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/rounded = 0x7f080164
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/itemShapeInsetEnd = 0x7f0301cf
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small.Inverse = 0x7f110029
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/customPanel = 0x7f080089
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_disabled_elevation = 0x7f06011e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Bridge = 0x7f1101c4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/trackColor = 0x7f030388
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/dayInvalidStyle = 0x7f03010d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tabGravity = 0x7f030323
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Headline = 0x7f110157
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/autoCompleteTextViewStyle = 0x7f030039
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle = 0x7f030072
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/numericModifiers = 0x7f03027f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f1100ae
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_change_size_expand_motion_spec = 0x7f020012
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f110069
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/enforceTextAppearance = 0x7f030149
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/initialExpandedChildrenCount = 0x7f0301bc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/endIconTintMode = 0x7f030147
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/chipSpacingVertical = 0x7f03009e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:animator/fragment_close_enter = 0x7f020003
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionModeCopyDrawable = 0x7f030014
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/drawableStartCompat = 0x7f030130
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/cardPreventCornerOverlap = 0x7f030082
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/endIconDrawable = 0x7f030144
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/contentPadding = 0x7f0300e5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar.Horizontal = 0x7f1100c6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/logoDescription = 0x7f030238
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f11015d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_goneMarginEnd = 0x7f030218
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/telltales_tailScale = 0x7f03033e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/drawableTintMode = 0x7f030132
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/switchPreferenceStyle = 0x7f03031c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/listDividerAlertDialog = 0x7f03022b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:anim/abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom = 0x7f010005
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/arrowHeadLength = 0x7f030036
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_calendar_item_stroke_color = 0x7f05009b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/editTextBackground = 0x7f030139
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_left_black_24dp = 0x7f070092
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/backgroundOverlayColorAlpha = 0x7f030046
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/material_clock_hand_stroke_width = 0x7f0600a3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/nestedScrollable = 0x7f03027d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/applyMotionScene = 0x7f030034
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection.Fullscreen = 0x7f1102ba
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/colorSwitchThumbNormal = 0x7f0300d5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/chipMinTouchTargetSize = 0x7f03009b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/dragScale = 0x7f030128
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/staticPostLayout = 0x7f08019d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/transitionEasing = 0x7f030391
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/track = 0x7f030387
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/dividerHorizontal = 0x7f030124
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/constraint_referenced_ids = 0x7f0300da
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/divider = 0x7f030123
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accessibility_custom_action_22 = 0x7f08001f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_bottom = 0x7f0600da
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f1101b5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accessibility_custom_action_12 = 0x7f080014
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/cardForegroundColor = 0x7f030080
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/barrierAllowsGoneWidgets = 0x7f03004f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/cardview_dark_background = 0x7f05002d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/dialogTheme = 0x7f03011f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/closeIconTint = 0x7f0300b6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/collapseIcon = 0x7f0300ba
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/summaryOff = 0x7f030317
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/content = 0x7f0300dd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle = 0x7f110034
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/error_color_material_light = 0x7f050068
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/ensureMinTouchTargetSize = 0x7f03014a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Test.Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Selected = 0x7f110147
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/dependency = 0x7f030117
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:anim/mtrl_bottom_sheet_slide_in = 0x7f01001d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/defaultValue = 0x7f030114
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/on = 0x7f080143
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/arrowShaftLength = 0x7f030037
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/round = 0x7f0302c9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/primaryLightColor = 0x7f0500c7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_ic_menu_overflow_material = 0x7f070023
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/defaultState = 0x7f030113
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/btn_checkbox_checked_to_unchecked_mtrl_animation = 0x7f070059
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_end_padding_icon = 0x7f060122
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.BottomRightCut = 0x7f110136
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/boxCornerRadiusBottomStart = 0x7f030067
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/daySelectedStyle = 0x7f03010e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_grey_50 = 0x7f050075
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/cardViewStyle = 0x7f030084
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/imageButtonStyle = 0x7f0301b3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/FragmentContainerView = 0x7f120038
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_normal = 0x7f070071
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/cornerSize = 0x7f0300f6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/liftOnScroll = 0x7f030222
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/strokeColor = 0x7f03030a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/customBoolean = 0x7f030104
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_background_overlay_color_alpha = 0x7f06015e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/badgeTextColor = 0x7f03004d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_tab_max_width = 0x7f06008b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/counterOverflowTextColor = 0x7f0300fe
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:animator/linear_indeterminate_line2_head_interpolator = 0x7f02000b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/test_toolbar_custom_background = 0x7f0b0081
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/cornerSizeTopLeft = 0x7f0300f9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/autoSizeMinTextSize = 0x7f03003b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/colorPrimarySurface = 0x7f0300cf
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all = 0x7f100004
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range = 0x7f0b0060
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/panelBackground = 0x7f030291
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/cornerSizeBottomRight = 0x7f0300f8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f1102af
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/abc_tint_seek_thumb = 0x7f050016
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/commitIcon = 0x7f0300d6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/colorOnPrimary = 0x7f0300c9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar.TextView = 0x7f1102ce
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_pressed = 0x7f050036
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/common_google_play_services_enable_text = 0x7f100025
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/cornerFamilyBottomRight = 0x7f0300f2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tabPaddingStart = 0x7f030334
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionBarTabStyle = 0x7f030007
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/coordinatorLayoutStyle = 0x7f0300ef
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/switchStyle = 0x7f03031d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/bottomSheetStyle = 0x7f030062
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_slider_track_side_padding = 0x7f060159
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/material_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f0600ad
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small = 0x7f110028
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionModeCloseContentDescription = 0x7f030012
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/material_timepicker_select_time = 0x7f100055
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/deltaPolarRadius = 0x7f030116
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/customPixelDimension = 0x7f03010b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.Design.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout = 0x7f110274
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/hint_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f060098
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.Compat.NotificationActionContainer = 0x7f11026c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior = 0x7f10001c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Centered = 0x7f110211
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_slider_label_radius = 0x7f060154
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/collapseActionView = 0x7f08007a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/colorSecondaryVariant = 0x7f0300d3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/rightToLeft = 0x7f080161
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/primary_text_disabled_material_light = 0x7f0500d0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_chip_text_color = 0x7f0500a2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_padding_right = 0x7f0600e3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Shortcut = 0x7f110122
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/colorError = 0x7f0300c6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/Tooltip = 0x7f12008f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/attributeName = 0x7f030038
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/closeIconVisible = 0x7f0300b7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/customColorDrawableValue = 0x7f030105
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_star_half_black_48dp = 0x7f070047
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/counterTextAppearance = 0x7f0300ff
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/visible = 0x7f0801e4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f110063
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/insetForeground = 0x7f0301bd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_disabled_alpha_material_light = 0x7f060028
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_btn_pressed_z = 0x7f0600de
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/collapsedSize = 0x7f0300bb
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/screen = 0x7f08016a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/drawerArrowStyle = 0x7f030134
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/progress_circular = 0x7f080158
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/clockNumberTextColor = 0x7f0300b0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/material_hour_suffix = 0x7f10004b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:anim/design_snackbar_in = 0x7f01001a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:anim/abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom = 0x7f010002
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/backgroundColor = 0x7f030041
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/tooltip_vertical_padding = 0x7f06018d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/mtrl_dropdown_arrow = 0x7f070099
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f1101f1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/civ_circle_background_color = 0x7f0300ab
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f11005b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/chipStandaloneStyle = 0x7f03009f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/compat_button_padding_vertical_material = 0x7f06005c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_seekbar_thumb_material = 0x7f070041
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Invalid = 0x7f1102b0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/alpha = 0x7f03002e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark = 0x7f050032
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/backgroundInsetTop = 0x7f030045
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/color = 0x7f0300bf
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/behavior_fitToContents = 0x7f030056
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/ChipGroup = 0x7f12001c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/mtrl_view_tag_bottom_padding = 0x7f080138
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionButtonStyle = 0x7f03000b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark = 0x7f070061
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionBarTabTextStyle = 0x7f030008
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/autoTransition = 0x7f03003f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_tabs_icon_color_selector_colored = 0x7f0500b9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/navigationIcon = 0x7f030277
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/contentDescription = 0x7f0300de
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/chipIconVisible = 0x7f030099
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/pathRelative = 0x7f080150
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/textViewForgotPass = 0x7f0801bd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/ttcIndex = 0x7f030398
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/accessibility_custom_action_11 = 0x7f080013
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/textAppearanceSubtitle1 = 0x7f030355
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/btn_radio_on_mtrl = 0x7f07005e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/closeIcon = 0x7f0300b1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:animator/design_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f020001
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/limitBoundsTo = 0x7f030224
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:animator/fragment_open_exit = 0x7f020008
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/chipCornerRadius = 0x7f030092
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_ring_outer_animation = 0x7f010016
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/civ_border_color = 0x7f0300a8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/chipBackgroundColor = 0x7f030091
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tabMinWidth = 0x7f03032f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/errorIconDrawable = 0x7f03014f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/checkedTextViewStyle = 0x7f030090
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f110037
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/boxCornerRadiusTopStart = 0x7f030069
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/colorOnError = 0x7f0300c8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/colorPrimaryVariant = 0x7f0300d0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/checkedIconEnabled = 0x7f03008b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_top = 0x7f060107
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Small = 0x7f1100c9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/cardCornerRadius = 0x7f03007e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:animator/linear_indeterminate_line1_tail_interpolator = 0x7f02000a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/checkBoxPreferenceStyle = 0x7f030086
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/trackColorActive = 0x7f030389
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:animator/fragment_fade_enter = 0x7f020005
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_dark_default_color_on_secondary = 0x7f050044
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/settings = 0x7f100087
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintTag = 0x7f030209
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/autoSizeMaxTextSize = 0x7f03003a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:anim/fragment_fast_out_extra_slow_in = 0x7f01001c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/SHOW_ALL = 0x7f080008
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/textAllCaps = 0x7f030340
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/fontWeight = 0x7f03018c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/abc_search_url_text_selected = 0x7f050010
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/design_navigation_item_subheader = 0x7f0b0030
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/chipSpacingHorizontal = 0x7f03009d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/enterAlways = 0x7f0800bd
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/maxCharacterCount = 0x7f030258
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material = 0x7f0b0008
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/itemIconPadding = 0x7f0301c5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/abc_menu_ctrl_shortcut_label = 0x7f100009
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/ic_baseline_lock_24 = 0x7f070083
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/buttonTint = 0x7f03007b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Preference.PreferenceScreen = 0x7f11010c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_shape_horizontal_margin = 0x7f06013f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/showAnimationBehavior = 0x7f0302e1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/itemShapeInsetTop = 0x7f0301d1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/customColorValue = 0x7f030106
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tickMarkTint = 0x7f03036d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/bottomSheetDialogTheme = 0x7f030061
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/helperTextTextAppearance = 0x7f030199
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_height = 0x7f060066
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/abc_action_mode_close_item_material = 0x7f0b0005
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/secondary_text_disabled_material_light = 0x7f0500db
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/materialCalendarHeaderSelection = 0x7f030247
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f11009f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/action_mode_bar_stub = 0x7f08003f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/onTouchUp = 0x7f030285
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/boxStrokeErrorColor = 0x7f03006b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.DropDownItem = 0x7f11003a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tabContentStart = 0x7f030322
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/pathMotionArc = 0x7f030299
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item = 0x7f0b0007
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/chipIcon = 0x7f030095
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/design_default_color_primary_variant = 0x7f050055
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_timepicker_modebutton_tint = 0x7f05008e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:anim/abc_popup_enter = 0x7f010003
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/cardview_compat_inset_shadow = 0x7f060055
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.Design.Placeholder = 0x7f110189
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:anim/abc_slide_in_top = 0x7f010007
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/itemShapeInsetStart = 0x7f0301d0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/contentInsetLeft = 0x7f0300e1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/borderWidth = 0x7f03005d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f110071
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/notification_large_icon_height = 0x7f060177
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/materialCircleRadius = 0x7f030250
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_chip_text_size = 0x7f060117
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/bottomNavigationStyle = 0x7f030060
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/browser_actions_menu_view = 0x7f080060
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/colorControlNormal = 0x7f0300c5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/material_chip_input_combo = 0x7f0b0037
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/mini = 0x7f08011a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_padding_horizontal = 0x7f060161
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/MaterialShape = 0x7f120056
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionModeSplitBackground = 0x7f03001b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/dim_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f050065
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/circleRadius = 0x7f0300a6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/borderlessButtonStyle = 0x7f03005e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionModeFindDrawable = 0x7f030016
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f07002c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/common_google_signin_btn_tint = 0x7f05003c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/editPositionButton = 0x7f0800ad
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_focused_alpha = 0x7f060132
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/FontFamilyFont = 0x7f120035
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:integer/config_tooltipAnimTime = 0x7f090005
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/activityChooserViewStyle = 0x7f030024
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/constraintSet = 0x7f0300d7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/materialThemeOverlay = 0x7f030252
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/popupMenuBackground = 0x7f0302a6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:xml/standalone_badge_gravity_top_start = 0x7f130003
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/barrierMargin = 0x7f030051
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/buttonPanel = 0x7f080063
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/autoSizeTextType = 0x7f03003e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/password_toggle = 0x7f08014e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_navigation_icon_size = 0x7f06007a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Title = 0x7f110125
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/icon = 0x7f0301a7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large = 0x7f110159
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f020014
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionDropDownStyle = 0x7f03000c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/normal = 0x7f08013e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/behavior_expandedOffset = 0x7f030055
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/collapsedTitleGravity = 0x7f0300bc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_bottom_margin = 0x7f0600ca
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/path_password_strike_through = 0x7f100082
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/chipSpacing = 0x7f03009c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small = 0x7f110164
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/motionInterpolator = 0x7f03026d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/backgroundSplit = 0x7f030047
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset_medium = 0x7f060143
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/editTextColor = 0x7f03013a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Info = 0x7f11017f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_right = 0x7f0600dc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/endIconContentDescription = 0x7f030143
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_btn_icon_padding = 0x7f0600d7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/backgroundInsetEnd = 0x7f030043
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height = 0x7f060009
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/drawableBottomCompat = 0x7f03012b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu = 0x7f1100d9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/notification_bg_low_pressed = 0x7f0700a7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/isPreferenceVisible = 0x7f0301c0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionBarStyle = 0x7f030005
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body2 = 0x7f110150
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_pressed_alpha = 0x7f060134
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/flow_horizontalGap = 0x7f030174
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right = 0x7f06002b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintBottom_toBottomOf = 0x7f0301ef
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/animationMode = 0x7f030032
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.Design.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f110270
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/toggle = 0x7f0801cc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/googleg_disabled_color_18 = 0x7f07007a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_check_path_merged_animation = 0x7f010010
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/allowDividerAfterLastItem = 0x7f03002b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/indeterminateAnimationType = 0x7f0301b4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView.Menu = 0x7f110257
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Platform.V21.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1100fa
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/spline = 0x7f08018f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/passwordToggleEnabled = 0x7f030296
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionViewClass = 0x7f030023
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/secondaryLightColor = 0x7f0500d6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/cornerFamily = 0x7f0300f0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/showHome = 0x7f080182
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/flow_maxElementsWrap = 0x7f03017a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/date_picker_actions = 0x7f08008d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/chains = 0x7f08006c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionProviderClass = 0x7f030021
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/cardUseCompatPadding = 0x7f030083
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/behavior_halfExpandedRatio = 0x7f030057
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionMenuTextAppearance = 0x7f03000e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/ripple_material_dark = 0x7f0500d2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_bottom_nav_colored_item_tint = 0x7f05008f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/touchRegionId = 0x7f030386
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionModeSelectAllDrawable = 0x7f030019
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Animation.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f110007
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/SignInButton = 0x7f12007b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/fontStyle = 0x7f03018a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/percentHeight = 0x7f03029b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:animator/mtrl_btn_unelevated_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_btn_disabled_z = 0x7f0600d2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/start = 0x7f080198
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_ic_ab_back_material = 0x7f07001c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_grey_100 = 0x7f050073
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/preference_icon_minWidth = 0x7f060183
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_modal_elevation = 0x7f06006f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/triangle = 0x7f0801d7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width = 0x7f06000a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f1100f7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:anim/mtrl_card_lowers_interpolator = 0x7f01001f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/showAsAction = 0x7f0302e2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f1101e9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_badge_text_size = 0x7f0600c5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_ring_outer_path_animation = 0x7f010014
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f110075
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/chipGroupStyle = 0x7f030094
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/browser_actions_context_menu_page = 0x7f0b0022
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/boxCornerRadiusBottomEnd = 0x7f030066
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/behavior_autoShrink = 0x7f030053
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/abc_action_bar_home_description = 0x7f100000
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingEnd = 0x7f030233
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/duration = 0x7f030138
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/split_action_bar = 0x7f080190
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f1101df
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f110081
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl = 0x7f07004f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/lineHeight = 0x7f030225
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:xml/standalone_badge_gravity_bottom_start = 0x7f130002
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:animator/design_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f020002
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/textAppearanceCaption = 0x7f030344
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:animator/mtrl_fab_transformation_sheet_collapse_spec = 0x7f020018
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/graph_wrap = 0x7f0800d2
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/itemTextColor = 0x7f0301d8
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_icon_null_animation = 0x7f010011
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/actionMenuTextColor = 0x7f03000f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/outline = 0x7f080146
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/linear = 0x7f0800f6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/iconSpaceReserved = 0x7f0301ac
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_vertical_padding = 0x7f0600ef
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f110193
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_anchorGravity = 0x7f0301e6
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/counterTextColor = 0x7f030100
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/flow_firstHorizontalStyle = 0x7f03016f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f110050
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_content_padding = 0x7f0600f3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/arcMode = 0x7f030035
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height = 0x7f060010
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/ifRoom = 0x7f0800e0
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_switch_padding = 0x7f06003e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f110059
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/custom = 0x7f080088
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintWidth_min = 0x7f030212
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/expand_button_title = 0x7f10003b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/buttonPanelSideLayout = 0x7f030077
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/seekBarStyle = 0x7f0302d5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/mtrl_picker_date_header_unselected = 0x7f100062
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/cornerFamilyBottomLeft = 0x7f0300f1
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/topPanel = 0x7f0801ce
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_calendar_text_input_padding_top = 0x7f060108
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/parentRelative = 0x7f08014c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_dialog_padding_top_material = 0x7f060025
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f11002e
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:style/Widget.Design.NavigationView = 0x7f110273
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f0500dc
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/month_title = 0x7f080120
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_normal_background = 0x7f070072
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:animator/mtrl_btn_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/material_grey_900 = 0x7f050079
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/androidx_core_secondary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f05001c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/checkbox = 0x7f08006d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable = 0x7f030154
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/notification_content_margin_start = 0x7f060176
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/labeled = 0x7f0800ee
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/design_bottom_navigation_item_background = 0x7f070073
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/passwordToggleTint = 0x7f030297
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/buttonIconDimen = 0x7f030076
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/closeIconSize = 0x7f0300b4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/bright_foreground_disabled_material_light = 0x7f050022
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/buttonBarButtonStyle = 0x7f03006f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_focused = 0x7f070070
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_creator = 0x7f0301ec
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/listChoiceIndicatorSingleAnimated = 0x7f03022a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/italic = 0x7f0800e9
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_dot_group_animation = 0x7f010012
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/flow_lastHorizontalStyle = 0x7f030177
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/confirmPassword = 0x7f100036
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/contentInsetStartWithNavigation = 0x7f0300e4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/alertDialogButtonGroupStyle = 0x7f030026
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:layout/preference_list_fragment = 0x7f0b006f
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/badgeStyle = 0x7f03004c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/seekBarPreferenceStyle = 0x7f0302d4
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/dialogLayout = 0x7f03011b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/layout_anchor = 0x7f0301e5
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/expandedTitleTextAppearance = 0x7f03015d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:anim/abc_tooltip_enter = 0x7f01000a
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/titleTextColor = 0x7f03037b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/targetId = 0x7f03033c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:string/abc_menu_function_shortcut_label = 0x7f10000c
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/itemIconTint = 0x7f0301c7
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:anim/abc_popup_exit = 0x7f010004
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/abc_button_padding_vertical_material = 0x7f060015
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/scrimBackground = 0x7f0302ce
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/mtrl_choice_chip_background_color = 0x7f0500a3
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:styleable/ConstraintSet = 0x7f120028
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:id/month_navigation_fragment_toggle = 0x7f08011d
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:color/error_color_material_dark = 0x7f050067
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:attr/tabIndicatorGravity = 0x7f03032b
br.hthenrique.mygoalskotlin:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_end = 0x7f0600bd
